The ingredients for the recipe Ujju Rotti Recipe (Indian Rice Flat Bread) are :  1 cup Rice flour,1-1/2 cups Water,Salt - to taste,1 Sunflower Oil.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare Ujju Rotti Recipe (Indian Rice Flat Bread), in a medium sized vessel Bring the water to a boil with salt and oil.Lower the flame and pour the rice flour into the boiling water using a cup or a tumbler, pour it in the centre as much as possible.Let it get cooked on a low to medium flame for 8-10 minutes uncovered.Turn off the flame, take a wooden stick or a wooden spatula, run it under a tap to wet it and then mix the flour and water mixture vigorously until combined. This step must be done quickly to avoid lumps. This takes about 2 minutes. Cover for a couple of minutes and let it cool until you can handle the mixture.Drop it on an oiled surface and knead well for about 5-7 minutes. Roll the mixture into a cylinder and divide them equally. This should give you about 4 equal sized balls.Kneading should happen after wetting hands since the dough will stick to hands. Keep them covered at all times. Knead each ball for 15-20 seconds and roll it out just like regular rotis using rice flour. Just make sure you do it slow and steady since the edges might crack.Roll out all the balls and stack the rotti on top of another on a plate first and then start roasting them. Use a little rice flour to avoid getting sticked to one another.Heat a tawa and cook the Ujju Rotti just like a chapatti by smearing oil /ghee on both sides and serve with Badanekaayi Gojju, Peas curry, Malai Kofta or any pappu (dal).  The ingredients for the recipe Palak Baingan Ki Sabzi - Recipe in Hindi are :  10 Brinjal - small, 300 grams Spinach - cut, 1 inch ginger - grated, 3 cloves garlic - finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 sprig curry leaves - finely chopped, 1 teaspoon coriander powder, 1/2 Teaspoon red chilli powder, 1/4 teaspoon asafoetida, salt - as per taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make spinach eggplant vegetable, first heat oil in a pan. Add the spinach, some salt and cook till the spinach becomes soft. After cooking, turn off the gas and keep it aside. Now put some more oil in the same pan. Add cumin and curry leaves to it. Allow to cook for 15 seconds. After that add ginger, garlic, brinjal, salt. Mix, cover the pan and cook until the eggplants become soft. Bitch kept moving between bitches. After the eggplant becomes soft, add asafetida, coriander powder, red chili powder and let it cook for 2 minutes. Now add cooked spinach and mix. Allow to cook and serve for 30 seconds. Serve the Palak brinjal with Gujarati kadhi and fenugreek thepla for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Fresh Basil Pesto Recipe are :  250 grams Basil leaves - take out the stem, 1/4 cup walnuts - bake, 6 cloves garlic - finely chopped, salt - as per taste, grind 1 tbsp whole black pepper - grind, 2 tbsp olive oil, 1 / 2 cup parmesan cheese - grated.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the Basil Pesto Recipe, first prepare all the ingredients. Now add walnuts, garlic, basil, salt, pepper to a blender and grind them. When the blender is running, add olive oil to the bitch and grind again to make a paste. Now add parmesan to it and make a paste again for 1 minute. Your pesto is ready.  The ingredients for the recipe Bulgur Wheat Potato Patty Recipe are :  1/2 cup Bulgur wheat - cooked,4 Potatoes (Aloo) - boiled,1 inch Ginger - grated,2 cloves Garlic - grated,2 Green Chillies - chopped,1 teaspoon Red Chilli powder,1 tablespoon Cumin powder (Jeera),2 Carrots (Gajjar) - grated,1/2 cup Cauliflower (gobi) - grated,3/4 cup Instant Oats (Oatmeal),Salt - to taste,1/4 cup All Purpose Flour (Maida),Sunflower Oil - for cooking.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Bulgur Wheat Potato Patty Recipe first, pre-cook the bulgur wheat by soaking 1 cup bulgur or broken wheat in 1 cup boiling hot water. Keep this aside for 15-20 minutes and strain any extra water out before using it to make the patties.Next mash the boiled potatoes in a mixing bowl.Add all the other ingredients to it along with the soaked bulgur wheat, except the oil and flour and mix them together.Taste and check for seasoning and adjust the salt/spices if required for the patty. Shape the Bulgur Wheat Potato Patty mixture into golf ball-sized portions and and then press lightly in the middle to form patties.Dust each patty lightly with flour on all sides and arrange them in a plate. If you are prepping for a party, these can be refrigerated at this stage, until you are ready to fry them.In a wide pan, warm some oil and pan-fry these patties on medium heat for 8-10 minutes on each side, till they are golden.Serve the Bulgur Wheat Potato Patty with spicy Tea Time Snack.  The ingredients for the recipe Raw Tomato Chutney Recipe - Raw Tomato Chutney (Recipe In Hindi) are :  500 grams tomatoes, 4 green chillies, 4 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, salt - as per taste, 1 teaspoon jaggery, 1 sprig curry leaves, 1 onion - finely chopped, 1 teaspoon mustard, oil - as per use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make raw tomato chutney, first heat oil in a pan. Add fenugreek seeds and cook until golden. Let it cool down. In a mixer grinder, add tomatoes, fenugreek seeds, salt, jaggery and make a paste. Now heat oil in a pan. Add mustard seeds and let it cook for 10 seconds. Add curry leaves and let it cook for 10 seconds. Add chopped onions and cook till they become soft. Add powdered chutney and 1/4 cup of water to it and mix and serve. Serve raw tomato chutney with keerai sambar and rava dosa for breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe  Surati Jowar Vada are :  1 cup jowar flour, 1/2 cup gram flour, 1 inch ginger - chop, 4 cloves garlic - chop, 1 teaspoon red chili powder, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1 cup yogurt, salt - as per taste, 3 teaspoon sesame seeds (white), oil.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Surti Jowar Vada, firstly add Jowar flour, gram flour, ginger, garlic, red chili powder, turmeric powder, curd, salt and sesame in a bowl. Mix well and make a thick batter. Keep this solution separately for 1 hour. After 1 hour heat the paniyaram pan and add oil to each scoop. Add the prepared batter to each scoop. Cover the pan and let it cook. Add a little more oil and cook it well on both sides. After cooking, come out of the pan and serve hot. Serve Surti Jowar Vada with coriander mint chutney and masala tea for the evening breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe Bhoplyache Gharge Recipe (Maharashtrian Style Sweet Pumpkin Puris) are :  1-3/4 cups Kaddu (Parangikai/ Pumpkin) - grated,3/4 cup Whole Wheat Flour,2 tablespoons Jaggery - grated,2 tablespoon Sooji (Semolina/ Rava),1/4 teaspoon Nutmeg - grated (optional),Salt - aa pinch,Sunflower Oil - to deep fry.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Bhoplyache Gharge, first heat a small wok. Add the grated pumpkin and jaggery. Cook on low heat till the pumpkin becomes soft .Take it off the heat and cool slightly.Heat oil for deep frying in another wok.Add semolina, nutmeg and salt to the pumpkin mixture.Mix and add the wheat flour and add 1 tablespoon hot oil to the mixture. Knead to a firm dough (use little water if required or more flour if it is too sticky)Make small balls from the dough and roll out into round puris.Deep fry till golden brown. Use a slotted spoon to take them out .Drain on an absorbent paper.Serve the Bhoplyache Gharge Recipe (Maharashtrian Style Sweet Pumpkin Puris) for breakfast or lunch withMango Pickle or Lemon pickle.  The ingredients for the recipe Bell Pepper & Parsley Rice Recipe - Bell Pepper & Parsley Rice Recipe are :  2 tsp olive oil, 4 cloves garlic - finely chopped, 1 onion - thin and straight cut, salt - as per taste, 1 tsp rosemary - dried, 1 cup rice - washed and dried, 1 tbsp olive Oil, 1 tsp red chilli flax, salt - as per taste, 1/3 cup capsicum (green) - finely chopped, 2 tsp mixed herbs, 1/2 cup capsicum (red) - finely chopped, 1 / 3 cups capsicum - finely chopped, parsley.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the Bell Pepper and Parsley Rice Recipe, first heat olive oil in a pressure cooker. Now add garlic and cook for 30 seconds. After 30 seconds, add onion and cook till the onion becomes soft. This will take at least 2 minutes. Now add salt, rosemary, rice, 2 cups of water, mix and close the pressure cooker. Cook until 2 cities come and turn off the gas. Allow the pressure to drain automatically. Open the cooker and allow the rice to cool slightly. Now heat olive oil in a pan. Add red chilli flax, three capsicum - red, green and yellow, salt and mix. Let it cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the mixed herbs and mix. Pour this mixture in the rice with the parsley and mix it well. Serve the Bella Pepper and Parsley Rice Recipes with Roasted Chicken Curry and Creamy Garlic Mash Potato for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Kerala Style Eggplant Curry Recipe - Kerala Style Eggplant Curry are :  2 brinjals - finely chopped, 1/4 teaspoon mustard, 1 onion - finely chopped, 2 green chillies - thin and straight cut, turmeric powder - a pinch, 1/2 tablespoon coriander powder, 1/2 teaspoon Fennel - or cumin, 1/2 teaspoon fenugreek seeds - grind, 1 tomato - finely chopped, 1/2 cup coconut milk - thick, coconut oil - as per use, 2 sprig curry leaves, 3 sprig coriander - Finely chop.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Kerala Style Brinjal Curry, first heat oil in a pan. Now add eggplants and cook till they crisp. Remove the brinjal and place it on the kitchen towel to drain the oil. Heat a little more oil in the same pan. Add mustard seeds and let it cook for 20 seconds. Now add fennel, green chillies, onion, curry leaves and cook till the onion turns brown. Now add red chili powder, coriander powder, turmeric powder and cook it for 3 minutes. Now add tomatoes, brinjals and mix. After 1 minute add water as per use and cook it for 4 minutes. Cook till the eggplant becomes soft. After the bangan becomes soft add coconut milk and mix it. Cook for 2 minutes and finally garnish with green coriander. Serve Kerala Style Brinjal Curry with Chow Chow Thoran and Kerala Parotta for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Senai Kizhangu Varuval Recipe are :  300 g suran - thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1 teaspoon red chilli powder, 1 teaspoon coriander powder, 1 sprig curry leaves, salt - as per taste, oil - as per use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Senai Kijhangu Varuval recipe, firstly add suran, turmeric powder, red chili powder, coriander powder and salt in a bowl. Mix everything well. Heat the oil in a pan and add suran, cook till it becomes brown and crisp. Remove and keep it separately. Add curry leaves in this oil and after 15 seconds add the fried suran, mix well and serve. Serve senai kijhangu varuval with kirai sambar and rice for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Cheesy Potatoes Recipe are :  4 Potatoes - boil, 1 onion - finely chopped, 1 cup sweet corn - boil, 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese, coriander - little, red chilli flakes - use, oregano - use, 2 teaspoons of lemon Juice, 2 teaspoons butter, salt - as per taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Cheese Potato Recipe, first boil the potatoes. Pour the potatoes in a pressure cooker with water as per use and cook till 3 years come. Let the pressure drain automatically. Peel the potatoes and peel them. Cut it round and keep it aside. Now heat the butter in a pan. Add onions and cook till they become soft. After it becomes soft, add corn, salt and mix it. Now add oregano, red chilli flax and mix it. Now add lemon juice to it, mix and turn off the gas. Now heat a pan and apply oil to it. Place potato slices and cook till golden brown from both the sides. Sprinkle salt and turn off the gas. Now take a slice of potato, add corn mixture on top and add mozzarella cheese on top. If your potatoes are cold, then you can also put these potatoes in the microwave for 30 seconds. Garnish with green coriander and serve. Serve the Cheese Potato recipe with a cup of masala tea or filter coffee for the evening breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe Oats Sugar Pongal Recipe are :  1 tablespoon Ghee,1 cup Instant Oats (Oatmeal),1/2 cup Jaggery,1 teaspoon Cardamom Powder (Elaichi),1/2 cup Yellow Moong Dal (Split),2 tablespoons Ghee,2 tablespoons Cashew nuts - quartered.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Oats Sakkarai Pongal Recipe we will first cook the Yellow Split Moong Dal. I will be using a pressure cooker to cook the Moong Dal. You can also use the saucepan method.Rinse the Moong Dal under water and place it in the pressure cooker. Add 3/4 cup of water and cook the Moong Dal, cover the pan, place the weight on and until you hear one whistle. After the first whistle, turn the heat to low and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. After 3 to 4 minutes, turn off the heat and allow the pressure to release naturally. Keep this aside.In our next step, we will roast and cook the oats. Heat a tablespoon of ghee in a heavy bottomed pan on medium heat. Add the oats and saute on medium heat until the oats gets lightly toasted. Add in 3/4 cup of water and cook the oats. This will take about 3 to 4 minutes. Keep stirring continuously until the oats is cooked.Once the oats are cooked, stir in the jaggery and allow the jaggery to melt into the oats mixture. Next stir in the cooked Moong dal and the cardamom powder. Check the taste and adjust the sweetness to suit your taste. Cover the pan and keep the heat on low, while we proceed to prepare the seasoning.To make the seasoning for the Oats Sakkarai Pongal; heat 2 tablespoons of ghee on medium heat. Add the cashew nuts and allow it to roast until golden brown. Turn off the heat.In the final step, add the seasoning mixture to the Oats Sakkari Pongal and stir well to combine.Serve the Oats Sakkarai Pongal for the "Festival of Pongal" or even for breakfast along with Oats Ven Pongal, or Foxtail Millet Pongal Recipe.  The ingredients for the recipe Capsicum Curry Recipe are :  2-1/2 Red Yellow or Green Bell Pepper (Capsicum) - 1 green,2 Onion - finely chopped,2 Tomatoes - finely chopped,2 Green Chillies - chopped,5 Garlic - chopped,1 Bay leaf (tej patta),1 teaspoon Coriander (Dhania) Seeds - coarsely pounded,5 Whole Black Peppercorns,1-1/2 tablespoon Cashew nuts - chopped,1-1/2 tablespoon Peanut Butter - chopped,1/2 teaspoon Red Chilli powder,1 teaspoon Garam masala powder,1 tablespoon Kasuri Methi (Dried Fenugreek Leaves).  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making Capsicum Curry, firstly add 2 tablespoon oil in a pan and saute the cubed capsicum for a few minutes. Do not over-fry the capsicum and let it be a bit crispy. Remove them from the pan and keep aside into a separate plate.In the same pan, roast the cashew-nuts and peanuts for about 2 minutes. Switch off the gas and let the nuts cool down. After cooling, powder the roasted nuts by adding them to a grinder. Remove and keep it aside in a separate bowl.Heat a kadhai and add 1 tablespoon oil. After the oil gets heated, add bay leaf and coriander seeds and fry them for 1 minute.Add chopped onions and fry them till onions turns pinkish. Now add chopped garlic and fry till the raw smell of garlic goes away.Add chopped green chilies and tomatoes and fry them till the tomatoes turn mushy. Switch off the gas.After cooling, add the onion-tomato mixture to the grinder and make a thick gravy by adding 1/4 cup water.Now again, heat the kadhai and add 1 teaspoon oil. Then pour the gravy and saute it for about 5 minutes.Mix the powdered nuts into the gravy and mix it properly. Once it is done, add the garam masala and red chilli powder.Add the fried capsicum and stir well. If the gravy is very thick, add 1/2 cup water and simmer it for about 10-15 minutes.Add salt according to your taste and garnish it with kasuri methi and chopped capsicum.Serve Capsicum Curry with Phulkas or Whole Wheat Lachha Paratha and Burani Raita.  The ingredients for the recipe Dried Neem Flower Flavored Rice (Recipe in Hindi) are :  1 cup black rice - cooked, oil - or ghee, 1/3 teaspoon asafoetida, 1/2 teaspoon white urad dal, 2 teaspoons neem leaves, 1 red chili, Few curry leaves.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Vepampu rice, first soak black rice for 6 to 8 hours. Now pour these rice into the cooker with water and close the cooker. Cook it to come to the city. Allow the pressure to drain and keep aside. Now heat oil in a pan. After the oil is hot, add asafetida, dry red chillies, urad dal, neem flowers and mix it. After the neem flowers are cooked, add black rice and mix it. Add salt to it after 1 minute and let it cook for 2 minutes. Turn off the gas after 2 minutes and serve. Serve Veppampu Rice with Tomato Cucumber Onion Raita for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Madurai Spicy Tomato Chutney Recipe are :  2 onions, 5 dry red chillies, 2 tomatoes, 2 sprig curry leaves, 1 tsp rye, 2 tsp urad dal, salt - as per taste, 1/4 cup water, 3 tsp sesame oil, 2 tsp tamarind Paste, 1/2 tsp sugar.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Madurai Tomato Chutney Recipe, first cut the onion tomatoes and keep them separately. Now heat oil in a pan. Add dry red chillies, onions, tomatoes and cook for 5 minutes. Turn off the gas and allow it to cool. Pour this mixture into the mixer grinder with 2 tablespoons of water and grind it. Now heat sesame oil in a pan. Add mustard seeds and let it splutter. Now add urad dal, curry leaves and cook the urad dal till it becomes golden brown. Now add onions and cook till they become soft. Now add the remaining tomatoes and cook till they become soft. Now add ground tomato onion chili mixture, some water and let it boil. Turn off the gas after boiling and serve. Serve Madurai Tomato Chutney Recipe with Rava Idli, Keerai Sambar and Filter Coffee for breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe  Dal Banjara (Recipe In Hindi) are :  3/4 cup black urad dal (split), 1/4 cup chana dal, 1 inch ginger - grated, 1 green chili - chopped, 1 tomato - finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 inch lentil sugar, 1 small Spoon turmeric powder, 1 teaspoon garam masala powder, 5 sprigs of coriander - chop it, 1 teaspoon ghee, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 dry red chillies - break it.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Dal Banjara, first of all leave the tempering material and put the given sari material in the cooker. Add 2-1 / 2 cups of water and cook till 2 to 3 cities come. After coming to the city, reduce the heat and let it cook for 10 minutes. Turn off the gas and let the pressure drain automatically. After the pressure comes out take out the lentils in a bowl. Now we will prepare Tadka for this. Heat ghee in a small pan. Add cumin seeds and dry red chilies. After 15 seconds, add it to the dal and mix it. Serve hot. Serve Dal Banjara with Tomato Cucumber Onion Raita and Bhakri for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Karnataka Style Moolangi Chutney Recipe - Karnataka Style Mullangi Chutney (Recipe In Hindi) are :  1 cup radish - grated, 1 onion - finely chopped, 2 teaspoons white urad dal, 1 teaspoon chana dal, 4 dry red chillies, turmeric powder - a pinch, asafetida - a pinch, 18 grams tamarind, salt - taste According, 1 teaspoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon mustard, 10 curry leaves, 1 teaspoon oil.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Karnataka Style Moolangi Chutney, firstly tighten the radish and finely chop the onion. Now heat oil in a pan. Add urad dal, chana dal, asafoetida and dry red chillies. Cook until lentils turn golden. Turn off the gas and allow it to cool. Remove it separately. Now add radish and onion to it. Add salt after 30 seconds and cook until the radish and onion are cooked. Turn off the gas and drain them separately. Allow to cool. Now in a mixer grinder, add the baked spices, radish and onion mixture, tamarind and salt. Grind this mixture well. Now heat some oil in a tempering pan for tempering. Add mustard seeds and let it cook for 10 seconds. Now add curry leaves and mix it after 20 seconds in the sauce. Serve. Serve Karnataka Style Moolangi Chutney with Idli or Ghee Roast Dosa for breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe  Carrot Capsicum Poriyal Recipe are :  4 carrots - cut, 2 capsicum (green) - cut, 1/2 teaspoon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon white urad dal, 1 sprig curry leaves - 1/2 Tsp asafoetida, 2 green chillies - chopped, 2 tbsp coconut - grated, salt - as per taste, 1 tsp sesame oil.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the Carrot Capsicum Poreal Recipe, first of all pour the carrot, salt and 2 tablespoons water in a pressure cooker. Turn off the cooker and cook till 2 cities come. Take out the pressure and keep it aside. Now heat oil in a pan. Add the mustard seeds, cumin seeds, urad dal and cook till the lentils turn brown. After the lentils turn brown, add curry leaves, asafoetida, green chillies and cook for 30 seconds. Now add capsicum, salt and cook until the capsicum becomes soft. Take care not to burn capsicum. Now add coconut, mix it and turn off the gas. Remove and serve in a serving bowl. Serve the Carrot Capsicum Poriyal Recipe with Chow Chow Sambar, Tomato Rasam and Rice for the day's dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Mustard Green Chilli Pickle Recipe are :  250 gram Green Chillies - washed & pat dried,4 tablespoon Mustard seeds - (or kuriya-split),1 pinch Asafoetida (hing),5 tablespoons Sunflower Oil,Salt - to taste,1/4 teaspoon Jaggery,1/2 tablespoon Lemon juice,1 teaspoon Turmeric powder (Haldi).  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Mustard Green Chilli Pickle, firstly cut the green chillies into half or more pieces.Take the green chillies in a mixing bowl, add a pinch of salt and mix well.Keep those chillies in a bowl for at least half an hour. Drain the chilli-salt water and keep green chillies in a bowl. (This way green chillies will reduce their spicyness)Take another mixing bowl. Combine mustard splits (kuriya), asafoetida, oil, salt, jaggery, lemon juice and turmeric powder in a bowl.Toss all the ingredients and beat them in round motion with hand for about 4 to 5 minutes.After 4 to 5 minutes, add the green chilies and toss them. Mix everything well.Adjust salt and lemon juice according to your taste. Transfer them in to a sterilised bottle or in a glass jar and store in a fridge for long.Serve Mustard Green Chilli Pickle with your everyday meal for that extra hint of tanginess and spiciness.  The ingredients for the recipe  Chicken Tikki Recipe are :  400 grams chicken - tighten / mince, 1 onion - finely chopped, 4 sprig green coriander - finely chopped, 1 tsp ginger garlic paste, 2 tbsp rice flour, salt - as per taste, 1 egg - Whisk, 1 cup bread crumbs, 2 tbsp oil - for frying, 1 tbsp garam masala powder, 1 tsp red chilli powder, 1 tsp turmeric powder, 1 tsp coriander powder, 1/2 tsp cumin powder.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making Chicken Tikki Recipe, first pour the eggs in a bowl, beat and keep them aside. Now take chicken in a bowl. Add garam masala powder, red chilli powder, turmeric powder, coriander powder, cumin powder and mix well. Now add ginger garlic paste, onion, coriander, rice flour, 1/4 cup bread crumbs, salt And mix well. Now make a lemon size ball of this mixture. Pour these balls into the egg mixture and then coat them with bread crumbs. Now press it flat between the two hands to shape the cutlet. Make sari tikki by doing this. Now heat oil on a pan. Add the tikkis and cook till crisp from both the sides. It will take at least 7 to 8 minutes. Once crisp, remove from pan and serve. Serve the Chicken Tikki recipe with coriander mint chutney and masala tea for an evening snack.  The ingredients for the recipe How To Make Homemade Almond Flour Recipe are :  1 cup Badam (Almond).  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the homemade almond flour, place the almonds in a blender or a food grinder and blend to make a coarse powder.If you blend too much then it will begin to start becoming moist by releasing its oils. So as soon as you notice its become a powder, stop blender.Store the Homemade Almond Flour in a Glass Jar in the freezer to last about a month.  The ingredients for the recipe Spinach Yogurt Salad Recipe - Spinach Raita Recipe are :  2 cups curd, 2 cups spinach - finely chopped, 1/4 teaspoon red chili powder, 1/2 teaspoon cumin powder - take it out, 1/2 teaspoon sugar - optional, 1/2 teaspoon whole pepper - Grind, salt - as per taste, 1/2 teaspoon oil, 1/4 teaspoon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon white urad dal, 1 sprig curry leaves.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make spinach raita, first heat the oil in a pan. Add cumin seeds and let it cook for 10 seconds. Now add spinach and let it cook on high flame. After the spinach becomes soft, turn off the gas and keep it aside. Now add yogurt, cumin powder, red chili powder, black pepper powder and salt in a bowl. Beat and keep it in the refrigerator for 2 hours. After 2 hours heat the oil in a tempering pan. Add the tempering material and let it cook for 15 seconds. Now add spinach to the curd and mix. Sprinkle and serve. Serve Palak Raita with Garlic Dal, Sew Tomato Vegetable and Phulka for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Andhra Style Nalla Karam Podi Recipe are :  1 cup Coriander (Dhania) Seeds,3 tablespoons Black Urad Dal (Whole),3 tablespoons Roasted Gram Dal (Pottukadalai),20 Dry Red Chillies,Curry leaves - few sprigs,18 grams Tamarind - (small lemon sized),6 cloves Garlic - chopped,2 teaspoon Sunflower Oil,Salt - to taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making Andhra Style Nalla Karam Podi Recipe, get ready with all the ingredients. Heat a little oil in a kadai. Once the oil is hot, on a medium flame, fry coriander seeds on a low medium flame until crisp and smells divine. It takes about a minute or two.Take the coriander seeds out of the kadai and put them on a plate to cool off.In the same kadai, roast Pottukadalai (Senagalu) and black urad dal. Fry until golden brown. Remove them on the plate along with coriander seeds.Next, in the same kadai, dry roast chillies, curry leaves and tamarind till the moisture from tamarind is reduced a bit. Make sure not to burn chillies or curry leaves, saute till they crisp up.Once they are dry roasted, take them off on another plate to cool.After switching off the heat, add in the garlic and saute for a minute and leave in kadai for a minute.Mix everything and allow to rest for a few minutes until the ingredients are cooled to room temperature.Transfer all the ingredients to a mixer jar and grind to a fine powder.Serve Andhra Style Nalla Karam Podi Recipe along with Tomato Uttapam Recipe, Ragi Idli Recipe and Chow-Chow Sambar (Chayote Squash Sambar) Recipe or along with a meal plate of steamed rice, Kollu Rasam Recipe (Nourishing HorseGram Stew), Elai Vadam Recipe and Mango Pickle (Andhra Avakaya) Recipe.  The ingredients for the recipe Cauliflower Leaves Chutney Recipe are :  1 cup Cauliflower leaves,3/4 cup Tomatoes,18 gram Tamarind,2 tablespoons White Urad Dal (Split),4 Dry Red Chilli,Salt - to taste,1 pinch Asafoetida (hing),3 cloves Garlic,1 pinch Turmeric powder (Haldi),1 tablespoon Sunflower Oil,1 teaspoon Mustard seeds,1/2 teaspoon Cumin seeds (Jeera),1 sprig Curry leaves.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making Cauliflower Leaves Chutney Recipe, select the innermost layer of cauliflower leaves and wash them thoroughly. Pat dry and chop them into small cubes.In a kadai, add a teaspoon of oil and fry urad dal and red chilli until the urad dal turns golden. Keep aside.In the same pan, heat some oil on medium low heat and put in the chopped cauliflower leaves, sprinkle some salt and cook covered stirring occasionally until the cauliflower leaves are tender. When you pinch a piece with a fork, you feel the tenderness.Now add roughly chopped tomatoes, garlic and mix well. Cook until tomatoes are mushy. Let the mixture cool down in order to grind it.In a mixer jar, add urad dal and red chillies and grind them coarsely.Now add cauliflower tomato mixture and grind into a smooth paste. Add a bit of water if required. Make sure that it is not runny. Check for salt and adjust.In a tadka pan, heat a teaspoon of oil, add mustard seeds and allow them to splutter. Once done, add jeera, hing, and curry leaves. Pour this on the chutney and mix well.Serve Cauliflower Leaves Chutney Recipe with Thavala Adai Recipe and Ghee for breakfast on a weekday.  The ingredients for the recipe  Haldi Ki Sabzi Recipe are :  200 grams turmeric - root, 1 tablespoon gram flour, 1/4 cup curd - beat, 1 inch ginger - tighten, 2 green chillies - finely chopped, 1 teaspoon coriander powder, 1/2 teaspoon garam masala powder, Coriander - little, salt - according to taste, black pepper powder - as per taste, 1 sprig curry leaves, 1 teaspoon mustard.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make turmeric vegetable, first heat oil in a pan. Add ginger, turmeric and green chilies. Add a little salt and cook until it gets soft. It will take 4 to 5 minutes. Now add curd, gram flour, salt, coriander powder, black pepper powder and garam masala powder in a bowl. Beat well and keep aside. After turmeric is cooked, slowly add yogurt mixture to it and keep stirring. Stir it till the vegetable thickens. This will take at least 5 minutes. After the turmeric is cooked, turn off the gas, take it out in a bowl, add green coriander and mix it. Now heat ghee in a tempering pan for tempering. After the ghee is hot, add mustard seeds and let it splutter. After rai breaks, add curry leaves, mix and turn off the gas. Add this tempering to the vegetable and mix. Serve. Serve the turmeric vegetable with punchy dal, phulka and masala chas for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Papad Nachos With Salsa Recipe are :  2 Papads - roasted,1 Onion - finely chopped,2 Tomatoes - finely chopped,2 cloves Garlic - minced,1/4 cup Cheddar cheese - shredded,Coriander (Dhania) Leaves - Handful or parsley leaves,1/2 teaspoon Red Chilli powder - or chilli flakes,1/2 teaspoon Dried oregano,1 Lemon juice,1 teaspoon Dried oregano - or mexican spice mix,Salt - to taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Papad Nachos with Salsa, first mix together onion, tomatoes, garlic, red chilli powder, oregano and salt in a mixing bowl. Add the lime juice and mix everything well.Spread this Salsa over the roasted papads.Sprinkle the grated cheese and grill in a hot oven for 1-2 minutes just till the cheese melts.Sprinkle coriander or parsley leaves, sprinkle the Mexican spice mix and serve immediately.Papad Nachos with Salsa can be served as a funky snack for a kiddie party or a potluck.  The ingredients for the recipe Assamese Bilahir Tok Recipe are :  6 Tomatoes - finely chopped,1/4 teaspoon Turmeric powder (Haldi),1 teaspoon Red Chilli powder,1/2 teaspoon Sugar - (adjust if you like more sweetness),Salt - to taste,1 tablespoon Mustard oil,1 teaspoon Panch Phoran Masala,2 Bay leaves (tej patta),1 Dry Red Chilli - halved.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Assamese Bilahir Tok recipe, heat a kadai/pan with mustard oil.When the oil starts to smoke, temper with the ingredients given 'For tempering'.Now, add the chopped tomatoes to the pan. Add turmeric powder, red chilli powder, salt and sugar and mix well.Cook over low/medium flame, covered for 5-7 minutes, stirring occasionally.Continue cooking till all the extra moisture has been absorbed and the oil separates on the sides of the kadai.Switch off and your delicious Bilahir Tok is ready to be served.  The ingredients for the recipe  Rajasthani Sev Tamatar Ki Sabzi (Recipe In Hindi) are :  Oil - as per use, 1/2 cup save - use any, 1/2 teaspoon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, asafetida - a pinch, 1 tablespoon ginger garlic paste, 2 green chillies - finely chopped , 2 onions - finely chopped, 2 tomatoes - chopped, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1/4 teaspoon red chilli powder, 1/2 teaspoon Kashmiri red chilli powder, 1 teaspoon coriander powder, salt - use According, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, water - as per use, 3 sprig of green coriander - finely chopped.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Rajasthani seva tomato vegetable, heat oil in a pan. Add the mustard seeds, cumin, asafoetida and let it cook for 10 seconds. After 10 seconds, add green chilli and garlic ginger paste to it. Let it cook for 20 to 30 seconds. After 20 to 30 seconds, add chopped onions and cook till they become soft. Once softened, add chopped tomatoes. Mix well and cook until the tomatoes are soft. After turmeric add turmeric powder, red chilli powder, Kashmiri red chilli powder, coriander powder and salt. Mix well and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. After 4 to 5 minutes, add some water to it. Let it cook for 5 minutes. Add it after 5 minutes, add lemon juice and mix them all. Cook for 30 seconds, turn off the gas and garnish with green coriander. Rajasthani Sev Tomato vegetable is cooked with Rajasthani kadhi, Kachumbar salad and roti.  The ingredients for the recipe Lemon Cherry Berry Spa Water Recipe are :  1 cup Mixed berries - (blueberry,1 Lemon - sliced,2 sprig Mint Leaves (Pudina),3 cups Water,Ice cubes - Some if needed.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Lemon-Cherry Berry Spa Water recipe, add all ingredients to a large glass or into a pitcher.Cover the lid and let it chill overnight in the refrigerator.Drink Lemon-Cherry Berry Spa Water instead of normal water to detox your body and keep your skin hydrated.  The ingredients for the recipe  Spicy Gram Flour Sabzi (Recipe In Hindi) are :  1/2 cup gram flour, 2 onions - finely chopped, 5 cloves garlic - peel and chop finely, 1 green chili - finely chopped, 5 sprig green coriander - finely chopped, 1 teaspoon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds , 1 teaspoon red chilli powder, oil - as per use, salt - as per taste, 1 cup of water - lukewarm.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make junka, first heat the oil in a pan. Add the mustard seeds and cumin seeds and cook for 10 seconds. After 10 seconds, add garlic to it and cook till it turns brown. After that add onion and green chillies and cook till the onion becomes soft. After softening, add red chili powder, gram flour and cook on medium heat. After 2 minutes add salt and lukewarm water and keep stirring. Cook for 10 minutes until all the water runs out. Beat the pan and cook for 5 minutes. Remove the lid from the pan and cook for another 5 minutes. Add some more oil in between. Mix and garnish with green coriander. Serve junka with dal tadka, khichia churi and phulka for the day's dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Sukhi Urad Dal Sabzi Recipe are :  1 cup white urad dal, 1/4 cup water, 1 onion - chopped, 1 inch ginger - finely chopped, 1 green chili - finely chopped, 1 tsp cumin, 1/4 tsp asafoetida, 1/2 tsp Spoon turmeric powder, 1/2 tsp coriander powder, 1/2 tsp garam masala powder, salt - as per taste, 1 tsp ghee, 1 lemon - take out the juice, coriander - little.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make dry urad dal recipe, first wash the urad dal thoroughly with water. Soak the lentils in water for 4 to 5 hours. After 4 to 5 hours, drain the water and keep the lentils separately. Now pour some water in a pressure cooker. Add steamer pan and add dal to it. Turn off the cooker and cook till 3 cities come. Turn off the gas and let the pressure drain. Open the cooker and keep the lentils separately. Now heat ghee in a pan. Add cumin seeds, asafoetida and cook until the cumin seeds crackle. After the cumin seeds crackle, add onion, ginger, green chili and cook till the onion becomes soft. Now add cooked urad dal, turmeric powder, salt, garam masala powder, coriander powder and mix well. Cover the pan and let it cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Now add lemon juice to it and mix. Garnish with green coriander and serve. Serve the dry urad dal recipe with Gujarati kadhi, phulka and amaras for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Eggless Chocolate Chip Cupcakes With Spinach Recipe are :  1-1/4 cup Instant Oats (Oatmeal) - powdered,1/4 cup Badam (Almond) - powdered,1/2 cup Cocoa Powder,1/2 cup Coconut Sugar,1-1/2 teaspoons Baking powder,1/2 teaspoon Baking soda,Spinach Leaves (Palak) - a small bunch,200 grams Coconut Yogurt - or hung yogurt (greek yogurt),2 tablespoons Chia Seeds,2 Ripe Bananas - (spotted bananas),6 tablespoons Coconut milk - or milk,1/2 cup Chocolate chips.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare this yummy Eggless Chocolate Chip Cupcakes With Spinach Recipe, preheat the Oven at 200 degrees Centigrade and line a mini Muffin tray with 24 muffin cups.In a small bowl, add chia seeds and coconut water and mix well and let it sit for 10 minutes to form a chia egg.In a large Mixing bowl, add all the dry ingredients and 1/4 cup chocolate chips.In a Blender/mixer add bananas, yogurt, spinach and blend until smooth. Add the chia eggs and turn on the blender for a few seconds until combined.Pour this mixture onto the dry ingredients and gently mix everything using a spatula until everything is combined.Fill the cavity of the muffin cups until its 3/4th full, sprinkle the remaining chocolate chips on top and bake for 14-16 minutes or until done.Remove it on to a cooling rack to cool and store it in an airtight container.Eggless Chocolate Chip Cupcakes With Spinach Recipe Keeps well in the fridge for a week. Serve them during tea time or as a dessert after lunch/dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Lentils and Mixed Grains Khichda Recipe are :  1/4 cups Broken Wheat (Dalia/ Godumai Rava) - soaked for 3 hours,1/4 cup Bajra (seeds) - soaked for 3 hours,1/4 cup Jowar Seeds - soaked for 3 hours,1/4 cup Chana dal (Bengal Gram Dal),1/4 cup Masoor Dal (Whole),1/2 cup Rice,4 cloves Garlic - crushed,2 inch Ginger - crushed,2-3 Green Chilli,2 sprigs Curry leaves,1/4 cup Coriander (Dhania) Leaves,1 teaspoon Cumin powder (Jeera),2 teaspoons Red Chilli powder,1 teaspoon Turmeric powder (Haldi),3 teaspoons Garam masala powder,1/2 teaspoon Asafoetida (hing),Sunflower Oil - for cooking,3 Onions - finely chopped,1 tablespoon Lemon juice,Salt - to taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare the Lentils and Mixed Grains Kichada Recipe, first get all the ingredients handy.Drain water from the soaked wheat and bajra and grind them in a mixer grinder to make a coarse paste.Pour water (5 cups) in a deep kadai just enough to cook the coarse grain mixture.Add 1 cup of rice and chana dal to the boiling mixture.After 10 minutes when the rice is half done, add in masur dal, turmeric powder, salt and mix well. Allow it to cook further for about 10 minutes on a medium flame.Take another deep frying pan to heat oil. Once the oil is hot, fry in onions till golden brown.Add in green chillies, ginger garlic paste and jeera powder and mix it well.Simmer the flame to toss in red chilli powder, garam masala powder, curry leaves and hing powder. Saute for half a minute.Slowly add cooked cereals to it and mix until the masala blends in it evenly.Garnish the Lentils and Mixed Grains Kichada Recipe with a generous pinch of finely chopped coriander, a few rings of onion and lemon for the dish to look as yummy as it tastes.  The ingredients for the recipe Karachi Biscuits Recipe are :  1-1/2 cups All Purpose Flour (Maida),1/2 cup Butter - at room temperature,1/2 cup Custard powder - (vanilla flavoured),1 cup Caster Sugar,1/4 cup Cashew nuts - chopped,3/4 cup Tutti frutti,1 teaspoon Baking powder,5 tablespoons Milk.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare Karachi Biscuits Recipe, in a large mixing bowl, sieve in All-purpose flour and Custard powder and Mix well.Add in roughly chopped cashew nuts and Tutti frutti. Mix.In another mixing bowl add butter and powdered sugar. Cream the butter and sugar well by whisking and then add in milk. Whisk everything together.Once the milk, butter and sugar are well combined, add prepared mixture of flour, custard nuts and tutti frutti, in batches. Make sure there are no lumps.Add a little mil if you feel that the dough is too dry.Roll the prepared dough to form rectangular logs or any desired shapes and cover it using a cling wrap and freeze it for about 15 mins or until it become firm.Meanwhile, preheat oven at 180 Deg C.Once firmed, remove cling wrap from the dough and cut into even sized biscuits.Arrange cookies to be baked on a baking sheet with 1 inch gap in between and bake in preheated oven for about 15 minutes or until the cookies start darkening in colour.Once the completely cooled store Karachi Biscuits recipe in airtight containers and enjoy with Ginger Cardamom Chai.  The ingredients for the recipe  Palak Kadhi Recipe are :  1 cup curd, 2 tsp gram flour, 1/2 tsp turmeric powder, salt - as per taste, 1 cup spinach, 1 green chili, 1 inch ginger, 1 tsp cumin, 1 tsp cumin, 1 tsp rye, asafoetida - A pinch, 1 sprig curry leaves, 2 red chillies, oil.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the spinach kadhi recipe, firstly put spinach, green chillies, ginger, cumin, a little water in a pressure cooker and cook till 1 city comes. Let the pressure drain automatically. Open the cooker, make a paste with the help of a blender. Keep it aside. Now add curd, gram flour, turmeric powder in a saucepan and beat well. Turn on the gas, add 1/2 cup of water and spinach paste. Mix well. Let it boil. After boiling add salt as per taste and mix. Turn off the gas For tempering, heat the oil in a tempering pan. Add cumin seeds, mustard seeds and let it splutter. Now add curry leaves, asafoetida, dry red chillies and cook it for 10 seconds. Add the tempering to the kadhi and mix. Serve the spinach kadhi recipe with potato parwal's dry vegetable and phulka for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Spinach Dal (Recipe In Hindi) are :  1/2 cup arhar dal, 1 teaspoon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 2 tablespoons chickpea lentils, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, curry leaves - little, 1/2 Small teaspoon asafoetida, 25 grams tamarind paste, 1 cup tomato - chopped, 2 cups spinach - cut into pieces, 3 green chillies - finely chopped, 2 tablespoons garlic - finely chopped, 1/2 onion - chopped , Salt - as per use, oil - as per use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Palak Pappu, firstly cook the tur dal with turmeric powder and 1 teaspoon of oil in a cooker till it comes to 2 cities. Mash the lentils and keep them aside. Now heat oil in a pan. Add cumin, fenugreek and gram dal to it. Cook for 15 seconds and then add curry leaves, asafoetida, green chillies and garlic. After 15 seconds, add onion and salt and cook till the onion becomes soft. After the onion softens, add tomatoes and cook until the tomatoes are soft. Add the spinach and let it cook until the spinach becomes soft. Keep a little tamarind paste left and put the rest in the pan with turmeric powder. Mix and let it boil. Add lentils, salt, 1/2 cup of water and mix them well. Taste and add remaining tamarind paste. Cook the lentils for 8 to 10 minutes and then serve hot. Serve Palak Pappu with Beetroot Thoran, Rice and Ghee for day or dinner. Serve Palak Pappu with Beetroot Thoran, Rice and Ghee for day or night.  The ingredients for the recipe Bloomed Potato Cheesy Muffins Recipe are :  8 Potatoes (Aloo) - boiled,1 cup All Purpose Flour (Maida),1 teaspoon Sunflower Oil,1/4 cup Water,1 teaspoon Dried oregano,1 teaspoon Black pepper powder,1 teaspoon Dried basil leaves,1 teaspoon Rosemary,2 teaspoons Butter,100 grams Mozzarella cheese,1/2 cup Coriander (Dhania) Leaves - finely chopped,Salt - to taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare these yummy Bloomed Potato Cheesy Muffins recipe, prep up with all the ingredients first.In a bowl, add all-purpose flour, oil, salt and water and knead to make a stiff pastry dough. Cover it with a damp cloth.Boil the potatoes and mash them. Add oregano, salt, black pepper powder, dry basil and rosemary and mix well.Apply butter generously along the muffin cases.Preheat the oven for 10 minutes at 200 degree Celsius.Meanwhile, roll the pastry dough into thin round shapes and place them on the muffin cases.Brush butter along with the rolled pastry dough. Using a spoon, add half of potato stuffing in each pastry puff placed in the muffin tray.Add mozzarella cheese cubes in each cups.Now again add the rest of potato fillings over the cheese.Sprinkle some chopped coriander leaves over the top.Place the muffin tray in the oven and bake for 12-15 minutes at 150 degree Celsius.Once it is baked, let it cool for 5 minutes before removing from the tray, else it might crack.Once cooled, remove the potato muffins carefully and place them on the serving tray.Serve Bloomed Potato Cheesy Muffins recipe hot with your favorite dips like cottage cheese dip, tzatziki or peanut chilli dipping sauce to make a yummy appetizer.  The ingredients for the recipe  Broccoli And Aloo Poriyal Recipe (Recipe In Hindi) are :  1 broccoli - cut into small pieces, 3 potatoes - peel and cut into wedges, 1/2 teaspoon mustard, 1 clove curry leaves - break, 1 teaspoon red chilli powder, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, salt - taste Oil according to use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Broccoli and Potato Poriyal, first prepare all the ingredients. In this vegetable we will cook potatoes and broccoli separately. Now heat oil in a pan. Add mustard seeds and cook for 10 seconds. After this add the potatoes and salt and cook till the potatoes become soft. Once the potatoes are cooked, add turmeric powder and red chili powder to it. Cook for 2 minutes and separate the potatoes in a plate. Add some more oil to the same pan. After this, add broccoli and salt and cook it. Be careful not to over cook. After this, take the broccoli in potato and mix well. Serve Broccoli and Aloo Poriyal along with Dal Fry and Phulka for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Durg Style Mushroom Curry Recipe - Coorg Style Mushroom Curry Recipe are :  500 grams Button mushrooms - chopped,2 Green Chillies - chopped,2 Dry Red Chillies,1 teaspoon Whole Black Peppercorns - coarsely pounded,2 Onion - thinly sliced,2 Tomatoes - chopped,1 sprig Curry leaves,2 teaspoon Coriander (Dhania) Seeds,1/4 teaspoon Turmeric powder (Haldi),Salt - to taste,Sunflower Oil,1/4 cup Fresh coconut - grated,1 teaspoon Cumin seeds (Jeera),6 cloves Garlic.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Kurg Style Mushroom Curry Recipe, first cut all the ingredients and prepare it. Coconut in a mixer grinder. Add cumin, garlic, water and make a paste. Keep it aside. Heat oil in a pan. Add dry red chili, whole black pepper and cook it for 5 to 10 seconds. Now add onions, green chilies and cook them to become soft. After the onion becomes soft, add mushrooms and cook till it becomes soft. Now add ground spices and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Now add tomatoes, coriander powder, turmeric powder, salt and mix well. Now add 1/2 cup of water and cook it for 5 minutes. Turn off the gas and serve. Serve Kurg Style Mushroom Curry Recipe with Kerala and Carrot Methi Pachdi Recipe for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Baked chickpea lentil recipe are :  1 cup Chana dal (Bengal Gram Dal) - soaked in water for 3-4 hours,1/2 tablespoon Fennel seeds (Saunf),1/2 tablespoon Cumin seeds (Jeera),2 Green Chillies,8 Curry leaves,1/2 Onion - finely chopped,1/4 cup Coriander (Dhania) Leaves,1 inch Ginger - coarsely chopped,3 cloves Garlic,Salt - to taste,2 tablespoons Sunflower Oil,1/4 tablespoon Baking soda.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making Baked Chana Dal Vada Recipe, wash and soak dal for 3-4 hours. Rinse, drain and set aside.Preheat oven at 200 degree celsius.Take a blender or food processor, add chana dal, fennel seeds, cumin seeds, green chillies, curry leaves, fresh coriander, ginger and garlic cloves ,salt to taste; grind it to coarse mixture. Add some water only if required.Now transfer mixture in a mmixing bowl, add chopped onion and baking powder.Apply some oil on palms and start shaping the mixture into 2-3 inch size flat discs and place it on a baking tray lined with parchment paper.Bake for 18-20 mins or till the vadas turn to golden brown in colour.Take them out and let them cool down a bit. Serve Baked Chana Dal Vada Recipe warm with Mint chutney and Khajur Imli Chutney.  The ingredients for the recipe Potoler Dolma Recipe - Potoler Dolma Recipe are :  6 Parwal - Peel and cut on the side, 15 cashews - make a paste soaked in hot water for 15 minutes, 1/4 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1/2 teaspoon red chilli powder, 1/4 teaspoon garam masala powder, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons mustard oil, salt - as per taste, 100 grams of cottage cheese - tighten, 2 figs - dried, 2 dates - finely chopped, 5 almonds - soaked in water, 5 pistachios - finely Cut it, 10 raisins, 1 teaspoon sugar, salt - as per taste, 2 onions, 2 tomatoes, 2 green chillies, 1/2 inch ginger, 3 sprig of green coriander - finely chopped.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Potolare Dolma recipe, first heat 2 cups of water in a saucepan. After the water boils, add the parwal to it and let it cook for 3 to 4 minutes. After cooking, drain the water and dry the parwal. Keep it separately. In the mixer grinder add the ingredients for gravy - onion, tomato, green chilli and ginger. Add some water and grind it well. Keep it aside. In a bowl, add cottage cheese, dry fruits, sugar, salt and mix well. Put this mixture of paneer in the whole parwal and keep it separately. Take the thread and tie it well. Heat oil in a pan. Add parwal to it and cook it till it turns golden brown. Take out the parwal on a kitchen towel and keep it aside. Heat the oil in the same pan. After the oil is hot, add cumin seeds. After 10 seconds, add tomato onion puree, salt, turmeric powder, red chili powder, garam masala powder and cook it for 5 to 6 minutes. Add cashew paste to it and mix. After this, add parwal and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. After cooking, turn off the gas and garnish with green coriander. Serve the Potolare Dolma Recipe with rice and Bengali style Cholar Dal for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Aloo Aur Mooli Ke Patto Ki Sabzi (Recipe In Hindi) are :  300 grams radish leaves, 2 potatoes - boiled, 4 cloves garlic - finely chopped, 2 dry red chillies - break out of the middle, 2 tablespoons mustard oil, salt - as per taste, 1 teaspoon cumin powder, 1 small Spoon Red Chilli Powder, 1 teaspoon Turmeric Powder.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make potato and radish leaves vegetable, first wash and cut radish leaves. Now heat oil in a pan. Add radish leaves, salt and let it cook till the leaves become soft. Keep it aside. Now heat the oil in the same pan. Add cumin seeds, dry red chillies and cook for 10 seconds. After 10 seconds, add garlic and let it cook for 30 seconds. Then add potatoes to it. After 1 minute add salt, red chili powder, turmeric powder, cumin powder. Mix and cook until the potatoes are cooked. Now add radish leaves and mix. Allow to cook for 30 seconds and serve hot. Serve potato and radish leaves with Rajasthani lentils and phulka for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Black Rice Porridge Recipe are :  1 cup Black Rice,1/4 teaspoon Salt,1/4 cup Jaggery,1 cup Coconut milk,1 Mango (Ripe) - diced,1 tablespoon Goji berries - or any other dried fruit,1 tablespoon Mixed nuts.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare yummy Black Rice Porridge recipe, get ready with all the ingredients and bring 2 and 1/2 cups of water along with the black rice, salt, coconut milk, and sugar in a pan.Lower the flame to a simmer and cook covered for 40-45 mins or until the rice grains are tender and the liquid has evaporated.Stir in the coconut milk and the remaining coconut sugar to loosen the porridge and cook briefly not more than 2 minutes.Serve Black Rice Porridge Recipe warm or cold with fresh mango, dried fruit and flaked nuts.  The ingredients for the recipe  Bihari Style Aloo Ka Chokha Recipe are :  4 potatoes - boil, 2 green chillies - finely chopped, 2 onions - finely chopped, 1/2 tsp red chili powder, 1 tbsp mustard oil, salt - as per taste, 4 sprig coriander - finely chopped.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the Bihari Style Potato Chokha Recipe, first boil the potatoes in a pressure cooker until they come to the city of 5 to 6. After cooking, take out the skin of the potatoes and mash them. Keep it aside. Heat oil in a pan. Add onion, green chilies and cook till the onion becomes soft. Now add mashed potatoes, salt, red chili powder and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Garnish with green coriander and serve. Serve Bihari Style Aloo Chokha Recipe along with Bihari Litti.  The ingredients for the recipe  Hara Dhania Paratha Recipe are :  1-1 / 2 cup wheat flour, 1 tsp cumin powder, 1 tsp turmeric powder, coriander leaves - a little, 2 green chillies - finely chopped, 1 inch ginger - grated, salt - as per taste, pepper powder , Oil - or ghee.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Green Coriander Paratha Recipe, first of all add wheat flour, cumin powder, turmeric powder, coriander, green chillies, ginger, salt, black pepper to a bowl and mix it well. Now slowly add water and flour Knead until soft. Apply some oil on it and cover it and keep it aside for 10 minutes. Now take some flour from the dough and make round balls. Dust in the dry flour and take a round ball. Place a tawa on it for heating. Now place the paratha over it, add some ghee and roast it. Turn over and apply some ghee and roast it well from the other side as well. Serve. Make the remaining parathas as well.  The ingredients for the recipe Sundakkai and Methi Leaves Sambar Recipe - Sundkai Methi Sambar Recipe are :  1/2 cup Sundkai, 1/4 cup fenugreek, 1/2 cup Arhar dal - boiled and mashed, 1/2 Tomato, 1 Tamarind, 1/2 tsp Turmeric Powder, 2 tsp Sambar Powder, 1 tsp Coriander Powder, 1/2 teaspoon mustard, 1/4 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 dry red chili, 1/4 teaspoon asafoetida, oil - as per use, salt - as per taste, curry leaves - little, green coriander - little, water - According to use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the Sundakai Methi Sambar recipe, first take out the stem of the Sundakai and cut it. Clean and wash the fenugreek and keep it separately. Mix tamarind with water in a bowl. Now heat oil in a pan. Add asafetida to it and cook it for 10 seconds. After 10 seconds, add mustard seeds, cumin seeds, dry red chilies and cook till the mustard seeds crackle. Now add the sundkai and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add curry leaves and mix. Now add fenugreek and cook till the fenugreek becomes soft. After cooking, add tomatoes, turmeric powder, sambar powder, coriander powder, salt, mix and cook for 1 minute. After 1 minute add tamarind water, remaining water and let it boil. After boiling for 8 to 10 minutes, add the dal to it and mix. Cook until the sambar becomes thick and then garnish with green coriander. Serve Sundkai Methi Sambar Recipe along with rice, beetroot thoran and papad for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Goan Style Brinjal Bharta (Recipe In Hindi) are :  1 eggplant, 2 onions - finely chopped, 2 green chillies - chopped, 1/2 cup green coriander - finely chopped, 1 tablespoon tamarind paste, 2 tablespoons coconut - grated, 1 tamarind - as much as marble, Salt - 1 tablespoon oil, as per taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make goan style brinjal fills, clean the brinjals and make 4 cuts. Now heat oil in a pan. Apply oil to the brinjal, keep it in the pan and pat it. After 2 minutes, open the pan and flip the brinjal. Now add tamarind in a slit of brinjal and push the pan again. Keep turning the eggplant till it is cooked from all sides. After cooking, the eggplants will turn slightly brown and release water. Let the brinjal be covered until it cools down. After it cools, sprinkle it and keep it with ala. Now mash the brinjal and mix onion and green chilli in it. Add coconuts to it and mix well. Add tamarind paste, salt and garnish with green coriander. Serve Goan Style Brinjal Bharata with Gujarati Kadhi, Khichia Knife and Phulka for a dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Andhra Style Pindi Miriyam Recipe are :  1/2 cup Arhar dal (Split Toor Dal) - cooked,1 Potato (Aloo) - cut into cubes,3 Brinjal (Baingan / Eggplant) - cut into cubes,1/4 cup Raw Banana - cut into cubes,1/2 cup Bottle gourd (lauki) - cut into cubes,18 gram Tamarind,2 teaspoons Jaggery - powdered,1 sprig Curry leaves,1 teaspoon Mustard seeds,1/2 teaspoon Cumin seeds (Jeera),1 Dry Red Chilli,2 teaspoons Sunflower Oil,Salt - to taste,1 teaspoon Sunflower Oil,1 tablespoon White Urad Dal (Split),3 tablespoons Fresh coconut - grated,2 tablespoons Coriander (Dhania) Seeds,1/2 teaspoon Whole Black Peppercorns,1 teaspoon Cumin seeds (Jeera),2 Dry Red Chillies.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making Andhra Style Pindi Miriyam Recipe, wash and pressure cook the toor dal to 3 whistles, mash and keep aside.Heat oil in a pan and roast all the ingredients mentioned in the spice paste table and grind it to a smooth paste using a mixer grinder by adding little water and keep aside.Soak the lemon sized tamarind in half a cup of warm water, squeeze and extract the pulp and keep aside.In the same pan, add all the vegetables, 2 cups of water, prepared spice paste, salt and let the mixture boil until the vegetables are cooked.Now, add the tamarind extract and cook until the raw smell of the tamarind goes away.Add in the cooked and mashed dal, mix well and let it simmer for 5 minutes.Now, prepare a tadka by heating oil in a small tadka pan. Add in the mustard seeds, cumin, red chilli and curry leaves, let it splutter.Add this prepared tadka to the boiling Andhra Style Pindi Miriyam Recipe, simmer for another 2 minutes and switch off the flame.Serve the Andhra Style Pindi Miriyam Recipe along with Steamed Rice, Andhra Style Kakarakaya Vepudu Recipe, Pineapple Rasam Recipe and Roasted Papad for a weekday lunch or dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Masoor Dal Gassi Recipe - Masoor Dal Gassi Recipe are :  3/4 cup masoor dal, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, salt - as per taste, 1/3 coconut - tighten, 20 grams tamarind, 3 dry red chillies, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, ghee - as per use, 1 Teaspoon mustard, 3 cloves garlic, 5 curry leaves, 2 dry red chillies.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Masoor Dal Gassi recipe, first cook the lentils in a pressure cooker. Add the lentils, salt, turmeric powder and 2-1 / 2 cups water to the pressure cooker. Cover the cooker and cook till it comes to 2 cities. After coming to the city, reduce the heat and cook for 4 minutes. Turn off the gas and let the pressure drain automatically. Keep it aside. Now we will make masala for the gas. In a small pan add coriander seeds and dry red chillies. Roast for 2 to 3 minutes. After it gets roasted keep it for cooling. After cooling, add coriander seeds, dry red chillies, coconut, tamarind and garlic in a mixer grinder. Add some hot water, grind and make a paste. Add this spice to the lentils and keep it to boil. Allow the lentils to boil for 3 to 4 minutes. Add some more water according to your taste. Take it out in a bowl and heat ghee in a tempering pan for tempering. Add mustard seeds and let it splutter. After this add garlic, dry red chilli and curry leaves. After cooking for 15 seconds, add it to the dal and mix it. Serve Masoor Dal Gassi recipe with rice, Chow Chow Thoran and Pachadi for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Jain Style Corn Palak - Jain Style Corn Palak (Recipe In Hindi) are :  1 cup spinach, 1/2 cup sweet corn - simmer, salt - to taste, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1/2 tablespoon kasoori methi, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon garam masala powder, 1/2 small Tablespoon red chili powder, oil - as per use, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 tomatoes, 2 green chillies, 8 cashews, oil - as per use, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, asafoetida, 1/2 teaspoon red chilli powder.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Jain Style Corn Spinach, first blanch the spinach and then put it in cold water. Take out the water and puree it in a mixer grinder. Cook the given ingredients for grinding in 1 teaspoon of oil. Cook until tomatoes are soft. After cooling, add some water and grind it. Now heat oil in a pan. Add cumin seeds and after 15 seconds add spinach puree, turmeric powder, red chili powder and salt. Let it cook for 3 to 4 minutes. After 4 minutes, add tomato puree, dried spices and corn. Mix well and let it cook for 8 to 10 minutes. Add a little water, kasuri methi, salt and lemon juice. Mix well and serve after 2 minutes. Serve Jain Style Corn Spinach along with Boondi Raita and Phulka for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Arbi Tomato Onion Sabzi (Recipe in Hindi) with Tomato Onion Arbi Vegetable Recipe are :  12 arbi - finely chopped, 1 onion - chopped, 2 tomatoes - chopped, 1 teaspoon ginger garlic paste, asafetida - a pinch, 3/4 teaspoon turmeric powder, salt - as per taste, 3/4 teaspoon Red chili powder, 3/4 teaspoon garam masala powder, 2 green chillies - finely chopped, 3/4 teaspoon coriander powder, 2 dry red chillies, oil - as per use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make tomato onion curry arabi vegetable, first wash and soak the arbi in salted water for 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and wash again. Dry it Now heat oil in a pan. Add arbi to it and cook till it becomes golden. Remove it on a paper towel and keep it aside. Heat a little more oil in the same pan. Add dry red chillies, asafetida, ginger, garlic paste and cook for 1 minute. Now add onion and cook till the onion becomes soft. Add turmeric powder, red chili powder, salt, coriander powder and garam masala powder. After 1 minute add tomatoes and green chilies and cook it for 3 minutes. Now add arbi to it and mix well. Cover the pan and cook it for 6 to 8 minutes. Serve hot. Serve the tomato onion arbi vegetable along with boondi raita and phulka for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Arbi Ka Saag (Recipe In Hindi) are :  250 grams arabica - boil and peel, oil - as per use, 1/2 teaspoon mustard, 1/4 teaspoon asafoetida, 1 green chili - finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ginger garlic paste, 1 onion - finely chopped, 1/2 cup yogurt, 1 teaspoon red chilli powder, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1 teaspoon coriander powder, salt - as per taste, water - as per use, 3 sprig coriander - finely chopped.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make greens of Arabic, firstly boil and cut the greens. Keep it aside. Now heat oil in a pan. Add mustard seeds, asafoetida and cook for 10 seconds. After 10 seconds, add ginger garlic paste, green chilli and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. After 2 to 3 minutes, add onions and cook till they become soft. After it becomes soft, add all the spices like red chilli powder, turmeric powder, coriander powder and salt. Let it cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Then add boiled arbi to it. Mix and reduce the heat. Now add curd to it and keep stirring for 1 minute. After that cover the pan and let it cook for 8 to 10 minutes. After that turn off the gas and garnish with green coriander. Serve Arbi Saag along with Phulka and Bundi Raita for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Caramelized Onion Tart with Ricotta Cheese Recipe are :  1 All Purpose Pie Crust - prepare the rough and refrigerate the dough,800 grams Onions - thinly sliced,200 grams Ricotta Cheese,2 teaspoons Red Chilli flakes,Salt and Pepper - to taste,Extra Virgin Olive Oil - for cooking.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Caramelized Onion Tart with Ricotta Cheese Recipe preheat the oven to 180 C and grease a baking sheet with butter.To make the onion tart, we will first need to caramelize the onions. Heat some olive oil in a heavy bottomed pan, add in the sliced onions, some salt and rosemary. Stir to combine the ingredient. Keep the heat moderately high, cover the pan and cook until, until softened, about 10 minutes stirring occasionally.Once softened slightly, reduce the heat to moderately low and cook, until the onions are golden brown and caramelized - about 20 minutes longer. Make sure you keep stirring occasionally to prevent burning.Once golden brown, remove from the heat and keep aside. Allow the onions to cool and set aside till you get the pie crust ready.To make the pie crust: we will generously flour the work surface. Place the chilled pie crust on the flour and using the heel of your palms, press down the dough to make it flat and pulling it outward to stretch the dough. Now using a rolling pin roll out the dough to a large round of about quarter inch thickness.Transfer the pie crust to the greased baking sheet. Spread the onions on the around the pie dough leaving a 1-1/2-inch border. Sprinkle more rosemary for flavor, this is purely optional. Finally we will Fold the edge of the dough up and over the fillingPlace the tart in the preheated oven and bake for about 30 to 35 minutes, until the dough is richly browned on the bottom and sides.We will now sprinkle the ricotta cheese and some generous amount of chilly flakes.Cut the warm Caramelized Onion Tart with Ricotta Cheese into wedges and serve for your holiday parties.  The ingredients for the recipe Irish Cream Bundt Cake Recipe are :  2-1/2 cups All Purpose Flour (Maida),3/4 cup Butter,1-3/4 cup Caster Sugar,3 Whole Eggs,2-1/4 teaspoon Baking powder,2-1/2 teaspoon Instant Coffee Powder,1 teaspoon Vanilla Extract,1/4 cup Baileys Irish Cream,3/4 cup Milk - (you can also use 1/2 cup Irish cream and 1/2 cup milk),3/4 cup Icing Sugar,3 tablespoons Baileys Irish Cream.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Irish cream bundt cake first pre-heat the oven to 170 deg C.Grease a 10 cup bundt pan.Mix the Irish cream with the milk in a small bowl or jar.Sieve the flour, baking powder and coffee.Whisk the butter and sugar till the mixture is light and fluffy.Add the eggs one by one and whisk. Add 1-2 tablespoon of sieved flour if the mixture curdles.Add vanilla extract and mix. Add the flour, alternating with the Irish cream-milk mixture.Mix till all the flour has been incorporated. Place the batter in the prepared tin.Bake for about 60-65 minutes or until a tooth pick inserted into the cake comes out clean.Cool the cake in the pan for 8 to 10 minutes. Invert on a cooling rack and cool completely.To make the glaze. Mix the Irish cream with the sugar and mix to make a thin flowing glaze.Place the cake on a serving dish and drizzle the glaze over it. Slice and serve as it is or with a scoop of ice cream.Serve Irish cream bundt cake as it is or with your favourite ice cream for an indulgent party dessert.  The ingredients for the recipe Murungai Keera Masala Vada Recipe - Murungai Keerai Masala Vadai Recipe are :  1 cup chana dal - soaked, 1 onion - chopped, 2 cups drumstick leaves - chop, 10 mint leaves, 3 teaspoons green coriander - finely chopped, 4 dry red chillies, 1/2 inch ginger - grated, 4 cloves garlic - grated, 3 long, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1/4 teaspoon asafoetida, salt - as per taste, oil - as per use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Murungai Kirai Masala Vadai, first wash the gram dal thoroughly. Now soak the lentils for 2-3 hours. Wash and cut the drumstick leaves and keep them separately. After 2 to 3 hours, remove the lentils from the water and put them in a blender. Add ginger, garlic, dry red chillies, asafetida, cumin, long, salt. Add some water and grind it. Transfer this mixture into a bowl. Add drumstick leaves, finely chopped onions, mint and green coriander. Mix all and make small balls. Make the balls flat with the help of your hands. Now heat oil in a pan. After the oil is hot, add round pakoras to it. Cook until golden and crisp. Remove them on the kitchen towel to remove excess oil. Serve hot. Serve Murungai Kirai Masala Vadai with filter coffee for the evening breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe  Spiced Rajma Pulao Recipe are :  1 cup rice, 1/4 cup kidney beans, 2 cloves garlic - finely chopped, 2 long, 1 bay leaf, 1 inch lentil sugar, 2 cardamom, 1 teaspoon black pepper powder, 1 tablespoon ghee, salt - as per taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the spicy rajma pulao recipe, first soak the rajma for 8 hours. After soaking, pour in the pressure cooker with water and salt, close the cooker and cook for 1/2 hour. Turn off the gas and open after the pressure has gone out. Drain the water and keep the beans separately. Wash and keep the rice aside. Add cardamom, cinnamon, long and make powder in a bowl. Keep it aside. Heat the ghee in a saucepan. Add garlic, ground spices and cook for some time. After 2 to 3 minutes, add rice, cooked beans, black pepper powder, salt and 1-1 / 2 cups of water. Allow it to boil and reduce the flame after boiling. Cover the pan and cook until the rice is cooked. Turn off the gas and keep it covered for 10 minutes. Serve. Serve the tart rajma pulao recipe with tomato onion cucumber raita and papad for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe South Indian Carrot Poriyal Recipe - Carrot Poriyal (Recipe) are :  4 carrots - small or long chopped, 1/2 teaspoon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon white urad dal (split), 1 red chili, 4 curry leaves - broken from the middle, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder , 1/4 teaspoon asafoetida, 1/4 cup coconut - grated, 1 teaspoon oil, salt - as per taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make South India Carrot Porial, first steam the chopped carrot in a pressure cooker with salt and water. Soak the cooker until it comes to 2 cities, take out the pressure and when it becomes soft, keep it on the side. Now to heat it, heat oil in a pan. When it gets hot, add mustard seeds, curry leaves, urad dal and red chillies. Let it cook for 10 to 15 seconds. After it becomes golden, add asafoetida, turmeric powder, carrots and salt. Cook for a few minutes and garnish it with coconut.  The ingredients for the recipe Navrang dal recipe - Navrang Dal (Recipe) are :  2 tablespoons Green Moong Dal, 2 tablespoons White Urad Dal, 2 tablespoons Kali Urad Dal, 2 tablespoons Masoor Dal (Split), 2 tablespoons Masoor Dal, 2 Tablespoons Rajma, 2 Tablespoons Kabuli Chana, 1/4 Cup yellow moong dal - soaked for 20 minutes, 1 tablespoon arhar dal - soaked for 20 minutes, 1 onion - finely chopped, 1 tomato - finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ginger garlic paste, 1 green chili - Cut, 2 teaspoons Coriander Powder, 1 teaspoon Red Chilli Powder, 2 teaspoons Garam Masala Powder, 1 Tablespoon Kasoori Methi, 1 inch Ginger - Finely chopped (for garnish), 2 tablespoons Ghee, 1 Dal Sugar, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, salt - as per taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Navrang dal, first soak all the lentils overnight. Soak pili moong dal and arhar dal for 20 minutes. Put the lentils in the pressure cooker in the morning and cook till 3 years come. After the cooker cools, mash the pour and keep it aside. Now heat oil in a pan and add ghee to it. After that add cinnamon, cumin and let it cook for 15 seconds. After 15 seconds, add onion and let it cook till it turns light brown. Now add garlic ginger paste and let it cook for 2 minutes. After 2 minutes, add chopped tomatoes, green chilies and cook till the tomatoes soften slightly. Now add coriander powder, red chili powder, garam masala powder and cook for 3 minutes. After 3 minutes, add the cooked lentils, salt, water as per the usage and let it cook for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, add Kasuri methi to it and mix. After 2 minutes, add ginger to it and turn off the gas. Serve Navrang dal with gram flour and chilli vegetable and phulka for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Apple And Raisin Chutney Recipe are :  3 apples - peel and chop, 4 onions - peel and chop, 1 lemon - juice, 2 tablespoons vinegar, 1/2 cup kisamis, salt - as per taste, 1/2 cup sugar - as per taste, 1 tsp cinnamon powder, 1 teaspoon oil.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make apple and raisin chutney recipe, first heat oil in a pan. Add onion and cook till it becomes soft. Now add apple, cinnamon, salt, vinegar, lemon juice. Cook until the apples are soft. After the apples are soft, add the seeds and sugar. Mix well and mash it with the help of a masher. Reduce the flame and cook till the water blows. Turn off the gas. Keep this mixture to cool down. Pour this chutney in an air tight container and store it in the fridge. Serve apple and raisin chutney recipe with Tawa Paratha and Masala Tea for breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe  Nagaland Style Kali Dal (Recipe In Hindi) are :  1/2 cup black urad dal (split), 2 green chillies - 2 green chillies, baking soda - pinch, salt - as per taste, 2 bay leaves - 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon oil, 2 dry red chilies - 2 dry red chilies, 1/2 teaspoon Panch Foran Masala, Ginger - As per need (ginger flakes).  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Nagaland style black lentils, first wash and soak the lentils for 30 minutes. Cook the dal with 1 cup of water, green chillies (cut in the middle), baking soda and cover the lid. Add a little more water as needed and cook. The pulses should not melt completely. Boil until the water dries. Add oil to the pan. Add mustard seeds to the oil. Rye tadak added red dry chillies, bay leaves and panch poran. Add this tadka to the dal. Serve hot lentils with rice garnished with ginger flakes. Serve Nagaland style black lentils with cumin casserole and boondi raita for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Mint Chutney Pasta Recipe - Pasta In Pudina Chutney Sauce Recipe are :  250 grams pasta - any, 1 cup mint, 1 cup coriander, 2 green chillies, 5 cloves garlic - grated, 2 tbsp olive oil, 2 tbsp lemon juice, salt - as per taste, black pepper powder - Taste-wise, Parseley - for garnish (optional), green onion - for garnish (optional).  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the Pudina Chutney Pasta Recipe, we will first make pasta. Pour water into a saucepan and bring it to a boil. Now add some salt and let it boil. After boiling, add pasta and let it cook for 12 to 15 minutes. After this remove the pasta and discard the water. Add oil to it and mix. Keep it separately. Now in a mixer grinder, add mint, coriander, green chillies, lemon juice, salt and grind it well. Now heat olive oil in a pan. Add garlic to it and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Now add mint chutney and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Add pasta and mix. Add salt, black pepper powder, 2 teaspoons water and cook for another 2 minutes. Turn off the gas and serve. Garnish with green onions and parcels. Serve Pudina Chutney Pasta Recipe with Garlic Bread for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Semiya Upma Recipe are :  2 cups Semia - baked, 1 teaspoon Rye, 1 teaspoon White Urad Dal (split), 1/2 teaspoon Asafoetida, 1 sprig Curry leaves - finely chopped, 1/4 teaspoon Dal Sugar Powder, 1/4 Teaspoon cardamom powder, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1 onion - finely chopped, 1 inch ginger - grated, 1 carrot - chopped, 6 green beans - finely chopped, 2 carrots - finely chopped, 1 lemon Juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, red chili powder - as per taste, salt - as per taste, sprig of green coriander - finely chopped.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Semiya Upma, first heat 2 tablespoons oil in a pan. Add mustard seeds and let it cook for 10 seconds. Now put urad dal in it and cook for 20 seconds. Now add onion, ginger, curry leaves and cook till the onion becomes soft. After the onion softens, add vegetables and cook till the vegetables are soft. After the vegetables are soft add semia and the remaining sari ingredients. Add 1 cup of water, mix and cover the pan. Allow it to cook for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, open the pan, mix and cook it with a little more water if raw. Turn off the gas, add lemon, green coriander and ghee and mix once the semia has softened. . Serve hot. Serve the Semiya Upma with coconut chutney and filter coffee for breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe Pakodi Koora Recipe - Pakodi Koora (Recipe In Hindi) are :  1/3 cup brinjal - chopped, 1/2 cup cauliflower - chopped, 1/2 cup potato - chopped, 1/2 onion - finely chopped, 1/2 onion - finely chopped, 2 + 2 large Tablespoon sesame (white), 2 tablespoons peanuts, 1 + 1 teaspoon red chilli powder, 1 tablespoon coriander powder, 1/2 tablespoon coriander seeds, curry leaves - as per use, 2 teaspoons ginger garlic paste, 1 / 2 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1/2 cup gram flour, 2 tablespoons rice flour, 3 green chillies - cut, 3 sprigs of coriander - chopped, salt - as per taste, oil - as per use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Pakodi Kura, first heat the oil in a pan. Now in a bowl add potatoes, cabbage, brinjals, onions, gram flour, rice flour, curry leaves, coriander leaves, sesame seeds, red chilli powder and salt. Add some water and make a mixture of pakodi. Now heat oil in a pan. Add the pakoris one by one and cook till it turns golden. Now put sesame and peanuts in a pan and roast it. After it is roasted, put it in the mixer grinder with some water and make a paste. Keep it aside. Now heat oil in a pan. Add curry leaves, onion, salt and garlic ginger paste to it. Cook onion until it becomes soft. Now add sesame and peanut paste and keep stirring. Add 3/4 cup water and mix. Now add 3/4 cup water and mix it. After 1 minute, add turmeric powder, coriander powder, red chili powder, pakodi and cook it for 3 to 5 minutes. Garnish with green coriander after cooking and serve. You can serve Pakodi Kura with rice or Lacha Paratha for the day's dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Banana Walnut Chai Smoothie Recipe are :  1 Apple - chopped,1/2 Ripe Bananas,1 tablespoon Instant Oats (Oatmeal),3 Walnuts - halves,1 cup Milk,1 teaspoon Chai Masala,pinch Cardamom Powder (Elaichi),Ice cubes - few.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the Banana Walnut Chai Smoothie, get all the ingredients together.Blend the ingredients for the banana walnut smoothie into a mixer grinder until it forms a smooth drink.Once ready, serve the Banana Walnut Chai Smoothie for a wholesome breakfast along with Chilli Cheese Toast Recipe - Breakfast Bread Pizza.  The ingredients for the recipe  Mutton Keema Soup Recipe are :  200 grams mutton - minced, 1 onion - chopped, 1 tomato - chopped, 3 green chillies - chopped, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons green coriander - chopped, 1 sprig of thyme leaves - optional, 1/2 small Spoon black pepper powder, 2 inch ginger - finely chopped, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, 4 cups chicken stock - or vegetable stock or water, 1 tablespoon oil, salt - as per taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Mutton Keema Soup recipe, first heat the oil in a saucepan. After the oil is hot, add bay leaves, onions and cook till they become soft. After the onions are soft, add green chilies, tomatoes and cook till the tomatoes become soft. After the tomatoes are soft, add ginger and cook for 1 minute. Now add mutton mince, turmeric powder, 1 cup chicken stock, mix and let it cook for 10 to 15 minutes. After the mutton mince becomes soft, add the remaining stock, green coriander, thyme and mix. Let it cook for 5 minutes. Add salt, pepper powder, mix and turn off the gas.  The ingredients for the recipe Palak Tambuli Recipe (Udupi Style Spinach Tambli) are :  15 Spinach Leaves (Palak),1 teaspoon Cumin seeds (Jeera),3 Whole Black Peppercorns,2 Green Chilli,1/4 cup Fresh coconut - grated,1 cup Curd (Dahi / Yogurt) - sour or buttermilk,1 teaspoon Ghee,Salt - to taste,1 teaspoon Ghee,1/2 teaspoon Mustard seeds,1/2 teaspoon Cumin seeds (Jeera),Curry leaves - few,1 Dry Red Chilli - broken.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare Palak Tambuli / Udupi Style Spinach Tambli Recipe, clean, wash and roughly chop palak leaves (you can retain tender stems too).In a pan add few drops of ghee and roast jeera, pepper and green chilli. Fry for a minute.Remove from the flame and keep aside to cool.Grind leaves -spice mix, coconut and salt to a very smooth paste in a mixer by adding little water.Pour the mixture to a bowl and add buttermilk / curd .Mix well. Adjust the consistency as required. The consistency should be thin.Heat the remaining ghee in a small pan. Add mustard seeds and jeera, when it splutters add curry leaves .Pour the tempering on the tambli.Serve Palak Tambuli / Udupi Style Spinach Tambli Recipe in room temperature with hot steaming rice and pickle for dinner or relish as such as a drink during evening.  The ingredients for the recipe Kale and Mushroom French Soup Recipe - Kale and Mushroom French Soup Recipe are :  1 cup kale - chopped, 100 gm button mushrooms, 1 onion - chopped, 2 cloves garlic - chopped, capsicum (red) - chopped, 2 cups vegetable stock - or chicken stock, capsicum (pili) - chopped Take 1 tsp Apple cider vinegar, 1 tbsp parcel, 2 tsp cream, salt - to taste, black pepper powder - to taste, 1 tsp butter.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make kale and mushroom French soup recipe, first wash and cut the mushrooms thoroughly. Cut them all and keep them separately. Now heat the butter in a saucepan. Add finely chopped garlic and cook for 1 minute. Now add onion and cook till it becomes soft. After the onion becomes soft, add mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes. After 2 minutes, add vegetable or chicken stock to it and let it boil. After boiling, add 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar and mix it. Now add black and capsicum to it and cook for 2 minutes. Add parcel, salt, pepper and mix after 2 minutes. Now add cream and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Turn off the flame and serve. Serve kale and mushroom French soup with garlic bread and fetchini pasta with tomato sauce for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Palak Chole Recipe (Spinach & Chickpea Curry) are :  1 cup Kabuli Chana (White Chickpeas) - soaked overnight,1 cup Spinach Leaves (Palak) - washed and roughly chopped,1 Onion - finely chopped,1 Tomato - finely chopped,1 Green Chilli - slit,1 inch Ginger - grated,2 cloves Garlic - grated,Salt - as per taste,2 teaspoons Garam masala powder,1 teaspoon Turmeric powder (Haldi),1 teaspoon Red Chilli powder,1 teaspoon Coriander Powder (Dhania),1 Bay leaves (tej patta),2 Cardamom (Elaichi) Pods/Seeds.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Palak Chole Recipe first clean, wash and soak chickpeas in water overnight or atleast 5 - 6 hours.While chickpea is soaked make puree of tomato and green chili using 2 - 3 tablespoon of water in blender.Heat a teaspoon of oil in a pan; add in the chopped spinach and sautee until the spinach is soft and tender. Keep this aside.Note: We cook the spinach separately from the chola, as the cooking times for the chickpeas and spinach are very different. Spinach takes a couple of minutes, while the chola/ chickpeas take 20 to 30 minutes.In a pressure cooker heat oil over medium heat, once oil is heated add in the bay leaf and cardamom pods; saute for 1 minute or until spices start releasing aroma.Now add in chopped onion, ginger and garlic and saute over medium heat until onion turn light brown in color.Once onion is ready add tomato puree, salt, turmeric powder, garam masala, coriander powder, red chili powder until you see the mixture coming together and thickening a little bit. Add the chickpeas along with the water it was soaked in into the masala and stir well. Add in additional water so that the water level is atleast 2 inches above the soaked chola/ chickpeas.Give it a good stir and cover the pressure cooker and place its weight on. Cook the chola in the pressure cooker until you hear 4 to 5 whisles. After 4 to 5 whistles, turn the heat to low and simmer the chola for another 15 minutes and then turn off the heat.Allow the pressure to release naturally. This will take another 15 minutes. Once the pressure releases naturally, open the cooker, add in the sauteed spinach and give it a good stir.Check the salt and spice levels and adjust to suit your taste. Gently mash the chickpeas little bit with the back of the ladle to thicken the gravy little bit and the Palak Chole is ready to be served.Serve the Palak Chole (Spinach & Chickpea Curry) along with a choice of Indian breads for dinner or in the for lunch along with Jeera Rice.  The ingredients for the recipe Mango Popsicle Recipe are :  2 Mango (Ripe),4 tablespoons Sugar,1 cup Water.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Mango Popsicle Recipe, remove skin of mangoes and chop the mangoes. Blend the blend with water and sugar in blender until smooth.Pour the mango juice in popsicle molds and cover them.Place them in freezer for at least 5-6 hours until set and ready to eat.Once they are set, keep popsicle molds under running water for few seconds and loose the molds from Popsicle and serve.Serve the delicious Mango Popsicle Recipe during the mango season so you and your kids can simply enjoy the summer season.  The ingredients for the recipe Onion Mango Salad Recipe - Instant Mango Pickle are :  1-1/2 cups Mango (Raw) - peeled and grated,1 cup Onions - grated,1/3 cup Jaggery - grated,2 teaspoons Red Chilli powder,1 teaspoon Cumin powder (Jeera),Salt - to taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare this simple Kanda Keri Nu Kachumber recipe, keep all the ingredients handy and prepare them as per requirement.Bring all the ingredients together in a large bowl.Using hands, massage the Keri Nu Kachumber so that the jaggery mixes well.Once well mixed, transfer the Keri Nu Kachumber in a glass serving bowl.This Kanda Keri Nu Kachumber Recipe-Gujarati raw mango relish stays well up to a week in the refrigerator.  The ingredients for the recipe  Nawabi Mixed Vegetable Gravy (Recipe In Hindi) are :  1/2 cup cabbage, 1/4 cup green beans - cut for 1 inch, 1/4 cup carrots - cut, 1/4 cup green peas, 1 bay leaf, 3 long, 1 inch lentil sugar, 1 onion - cut, 1 tomato - cut, 1 green chili - cut from the middle, 2 teaspoon coriander powder, 1 teaspoon red chilli powder, 1 teaspoon garam masala powder, coriander - finely chopped (for garnish ), 2 tablespoons ghee, 10 cashews - soaked, 1 onion - soaked, 1 tomato, 3 garlic, 2 inch ginger, 1/2 teaspoon cumin.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make nawabi mixed vegetable, soak the cashew nuts and onions in hot water for 2 minutes. After that drain the water. Now grind cashews and onions with tomato, ginger, garlic and cumin with a little water and keep them separately. Now heat ghee in a pan. Add bay leaves, long, lentil sugar and let it cook for 15 seconds. Now add onions and cook till it turns brown. Now add tomatoes and cook for a few minutes. Now add chopped vegetables and mix. Now add coriander powder, red chili powder, garam masala powder and mix. Now add salt, add 1/2 cup of water and cook the kadhai. After the vegetables are cooked, add ground spices to it and mix. Add salt to taste and cook for 10 minutes. Turn off the gas after 10 minutes and garnish with green coriander. Serve the Nawabi mixed vegetable with Gujarati lentils, phulka and salad for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Chole Pindi Recipe are :  1 cup black gram - soaked overnight, 2 cardamom, 1 onion - finely chopped, 1 cinnamon, 1 inch ginger - finely chopped, 2 green chillies - cut straight, 1/2 cup tomato puree, 1/2 small Spoon turmeric powder, 1 tsp pomegranate, 1 tsp coriander powder, 1/2 tsp garam masala powder, 1/2 tsp amchur - or lemon juice, 1/2 tsp red chilli powder, oil - or ghee, Salt - as per taste, cut 1 inch ginger - thin, Lemon - grind.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the Chole Pindi Recipe, we will first cook the black gram in a pressure cooker. In a pressure cooker, pour the black gram along with water and salt as per the experiment. Cook until 4 to 5 come to the city. Turn off the gas and let the pressure drain automatically. Open the cooker and keep the gram separately. Now heat oil in a pan. Add onion, ginger, green chilli and cook till the onion becomes soft. After the onion becomes soft, add tomatoes, turmeric powder, coriander powder, garam masala powder, mango powder, red chilli powder, cinnamon, cardamom and cook till the tomatoes become soft. Now add black gram and mix. Cover the pan and cook it for 5 minutes. Turn off the gas and garnish with green coriander, ginger and lemon juice. Serve Chole Pindi Recipe with celery poori, boondi raita and flour halwa for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Dalia Pakora Recipe - Dalia Pakora Recipe are :  1 cup Broken Wheat (Dalia/ Godumai Rava),Salt - to taste,1/2 teaspoon Sunflower Oil,1/3 cup Gram flour (besan),1 Onion - finely chopped,1/4 cup Coriander (Dhania) Leaves - finely chopped,1 Green Chilli - finely chopped,Salt - to taste,1/2 teaspoon Turmeric powder (Haldi),1/2 teaspoon Cumin seeds (Jeera),1/2 teaspoon Ajwain (Carom seeds),1 tablespoon Sunflower Oil,Water - as required to make a thick pakora batter,1 teaspoon Enos fruit salt,Sunflower Oil - as required to fry the pakoras.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Oatmeal Pakora Recipe, we will first cook Dalia. Wash the panel and keep it aside. In a pressure cooker, add 2 cups of water, a little salt, oil, Dalia and mix. Close the pressure cooker and cook until 4 to 5 come to the city. Turn off the gas and let the pressure drain automatically. Open the cooker and if there is still water left then keep stirring on high heat and cook until all the water is gone. Take out the cooked pak in a large bowl and keep it aside to cool. After cooling, add gram flour, onion, coriander, green chillies, salt, turmeric powder, cumin, celery, oil, water and make a thick batter. Add ino fruit salt to it and mix. Now heat a paniyaram pan. Add oil to each cavity and after the oil is heated add a little oatmeal batter. Cook until golden brown and crisp from all sides. Serve. You can also fry these pakodas in a pan. Serve the dalia pakora recipe with coriander mint chutney and tamarind chutney. You can also serve a hot cup of masala tea with it.  The ingredients for the recipe Frozen Royal Crumb Recipe are :  4 Whole Wheat Brown Bread - cut into round shape,1/4 cup Sugar,3/4 cup Water,Ghee - for deep frying,2 cups Milk,1/4 cup Condensed Milk - sweetened,1 tablespoon Thandai Masala,Badam (Almond) - as required,Pistachios - as required.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin with Thandai Shahi Tukda, firstly cut the bread slice into round shape with a cookie cutter.Heat pure ghee in a wide pan and shallow fry the bread pieces for about a minute or until light brown and crisp. Drain them on absorbent paper towel.Heat another small pan and add sugar and water. Let it boil for about 4-5 minutes. Make one string Chasni(syrup) and keep it on a side.Heat the milk in another heavy bottom pan and bring the milk to boil and add sweetened condensed milk. Simmer for 8-10 minutes, stirring continuously.Adjust the sugar according to your taste. Switch off the heat and let it cool down.Next, add the Thandai masala in it and stir. make sure everything is mixed properly.Dip fried bread pieces into sugar syrup(chasni) and take out immediately.Place fried bread pieces on a serving plate, pour chilled Thandai milk. Garnish it with some thin slices of almonds and pistachios.Serve Thandai Shahi Tukda as a dessert after your weekend lunch to your friends and family.  The ingredients for the recipe  Jeera Aloo Sabzi (Recipe In Hindi) are :  3 potatoes - boiled, 2 green chilies, 1 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, salt - as per taste, 1 sprig curry leaves - cut, oil - as per use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make cumin potato vegetable, first heat oil in a pan. Add cumin and green chillies to it and let it cook for 15 seconds. Then add potatoes, turmeric powder and curry leaves. Add salt and cook till the potatoes turn golden. Add green chili and lemon juice and mix. Serve hot. Serve the jeera aloo vegetable with dal spinach and phulka for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Shandong Spicy Eggplant With Peppers And Potato Recipe (Di San Xian Recipe) are :  1 Brinjal (Baingan / Eggplant) - cut into 1 inch long inch wedges,1 Potato (Aloo) - peeled and cut into wedges,1 Red Bell pepper (Capsicum) - cut into wedges,1 1/2 tablespoons Corn flour,1 tablespoon Soy sauce,2 tablespoons Vinegar,1/2 teaspoon Black pepper powder,3 cloves Garlic - finely chopped,2 inch Ginger - finely chopped,3 Spring Onion (Bulb & Greens) - finely chopped,2 Dry Red Chillies,Sesame (Gingelly) Oil - for cooking,Salt - to taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Shandong Spicy Eggplant With Peppers And Potato Recipe (Di San Xian Recipe), first prep all the ingredients, chop all the vegetables and keep the sauces handy by the side.In a small mixing bowl, combine the corn flour, along with 1 cup of water and dissolve it well. Stir in the soy sauce, the vinegar, and black pepper powder. Keep it aside.Heat oil in a wok over medium heat; add the potato wedges,sprinkle salt and stir fry them with the pan partially covered until it is cooked through. Once the potatoes are cooked, remove from the wok and keep aside.In the same pan, add a little more oil. Add the eggplant wedges sprinkle salt, partially cover the pan and allow the eggplants to get pan roasted until soft and cooked through completely. Once done, remove from the pan and keep aside.In the same pan again, heat a little oil. Add the ginger, garlic, dry red chilies, bell peppers and spring onions and saute until you can get the aromas coming through. Saute until the bell peppers become slightly tender.Add the corn flour mixture into this and keep stirring until it thickens a bit. Add the roasted eggplant and potatoes and stir fry on high heat until the eggplant and potatoes are well coated with the sauces (about 5 minutes).Check the salt and spices and adjust to suit your taste. Once one, turn off the heat and serve.Serve the Shandong Spicy Eggplant with Pepper & Potato Recipe along with Dan Dan Noddles for a delicious Chinese dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Beetroot, Amla And Pudina Juice Recipe are :  2 Beetroots - roughly chopped,2 Amla (Nellikai/ Gooseberry) - deseeded,1 cup Mint Leaves (Pudina) - roughly chopped,1 Tomato - roughly chopped,1 Cucumber - roughly chopped,1 teaspoon Black pepper powder - (adjust to taste),Black Salt (Kala Namak) - to taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare Beetroot, Amla And Pudina Juice Recipe, clean all the ingredients and keep ready. Peel the beetroots and roughly chop it.In a mixer, add beetroot, pudina leaves, amla, tommato and cucumber and blend together.Add a little water to make it little juicy.Add kala namak, pepper powder and stir till combined.Beetroot, Amla And Pudina Juice Recipe is served during evening or during mornings on an empty stomach.  The ingredients for the recipe Lilve Ki Sabzi Recipe (Green Chickpea Curry) are :  Sunflower Oil - as required,1 cup Fresh green chickpeas,1 Potato (Aloo) - cubed,1 Bay leaf (tej patta),1 Black cardamom (Badi Elaichi),1 tablespoon Ginger Garlic Paste,1 Onion - finely chopped,1 Onion - paste,2 tablespoons Curd (Dahi / Yogurt),1 teaspoon Red Chilli powder,3/4 teaspoon Turmeric powder (Haldi),1 teaspoon Coriander Powder (Dhania),Salt - as required,Water - as required,2 sprig Coriander (Dhania) Leaves - finely chopped.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Lilve Ki Sabzi recipe, firstly heat oil in a heavy bottomed pan and add bay leaf, cloves and elaichi.Saute them for about 15 seconds and add the finely chopped onions. Cook them till they turns soft and translucent.Add the cubed potatoes and cook for another 5 minutes or until they become soft.Next, add in the ginger garlic paste and onion paste. Cook it for 2 to 3 minutes and then add all the masalas including red chilli powder, turmeric powder and coriander powder.Cook it for 2 minutes. Next add curd and the required salt. When the gravy starts leaving the oil from the sides, add the green chickpeas.After 5 minutes, add the required water, mix properly and cover the lid.Let it cook till the gravy thickens and the green chickpeas are cooked.Once it is done, garnish with coriander leaves and serve hot.Serve Lilve Ki Sabzi with hot steamed rice and rotis for a weekend meal.  The ingredients for the recipe Bread Halwa Recipe are :  10 breads, 1 cup sugar, 1-1 / 2 cup milk, 4 tablespoons cream, 1-1 / 2 tablespoon ghee, 1/2 teaspoon cardamom powder, dry fruits - little, 2 Chandi's work - eater.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make bread pudding, first place the bread soaked in milk separately. Now heat ghee in a pan. Add cardamom powder and bread to the ghee. Stir until light brown. Add 1 cup of sugar and cream and cook for 10 minutes. Now heat the ghee in a small pan and add cashews and cashews to it. Remove separately. Pour this dry fruits into the halwa and mix. Add some cardamom powder and after it cools, garnish with Chandi ice. Serve the bread halwa sweet after your meal.  The ingredients for the recipe Onion And Cheese Pepper Sandwich Recipe are :  8 Whole Wheat Brown Bread,1/2 cup Cheddar cheese - grated,1/2 cup Mozzarella cheese - grated,1/2 cup Onions - finely chopped,1 teaspoon Black pepper powder,1/2 teaspoon Dried oregano,1 tablespoon Butter,Salt - to taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making Onion and Cheese Pepper Sandwich Recipe, take a medium sized bowl, add the grated cheese, finely chopped onions, black pepper powder and oregano.Mix all the ingredients well and keep aside.Take a slice of bread, place enough filling and press it tightly with another slice. Likewise, prepare the other 3 sets of the sandwich.Heat butter in a skillet on medium flame, place a set of sandwich, cook until the bottom turns golden brown. Flip over and cook the other side too.Similarly, grill the other three sets of sandwiches in the skillet with enough butter.Serve the Onion and Cheese Pepper Sandwich Recipe in kids lunch box or as an after school snack along with a fruit smoothie.  The ingredients for the recipe Penne Pasta In White Sauce Recipe are :  1 cup Penne pasta,1 teaspoon Sunflower Oil,Salt - to taste,1-1/2 tablespoon Butter,1 tablespoon Whole Wheat Flour - or maida,1-1/2 cup Milk - boiled & cooled,2 tablespoon Cheddar cheese - grated,1/2 teaspoon Black pepper powder,Italian seasoning - to taste,Red Chilli flakes - to taste,Salt - to taste,3/4 cup Sweet corn,1 cup Broccoli - cut to florets,1 Red Bell pepper (Capsicum) - diced,1 Yellow Bell Pepper (Capsicum) - diced,1/2 tablespoon Butter,Red Chilli flakes - to taste,Salt - to taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare Penne Pasta In White Sauce Recipe, heat enough water in a saucepan , add salt and oil to it. Once the water boils add pasta and cook it uncovered until al dente (it is soft but firm) . Keep stirring in between.Strain the cooked pasta through a colander and reserve 1 cup of the water in which the pasta is cooked. (this starchy water may be used further to thin the sauce)In a sauce pan melt butter on a low flame and add flour to it. Roast the flour well for about a minute.Add 1/2 of the boiled and cooled milk slowly, as you stir the flour continuously so that it blends well with the milk without forming lumps.Now stir in remaining milk and allow the sauce to boil and thicken. Season it with black pepper powder, salt and chilly flakes. (be careful while adding salt as veggies and pasta also have salt).Lastly add grated cheese, mix well and cook for a while and put off the flame. The white sauce is ready. If the sauce appears lumpy and thick, add hot water( we reserved in step 1 )to thin it. Allow the sauce to simmer until desired consistency is reached.Meanwhile heat butter in another pan and add the boiled sweet corn kernels and other veggies and saute for 1-2 minutes. Season the veggies with salt and chilly flakes. Do not over cook the bell peppers and broccoli. Veggies give a nice crunch to the creamy pasta.Add the sauteed vegetables to the white sauce and stir well. Lastly add boiled pasta to vegetables and white sauce and stir so that the pasta coats well with the sauce.Serve Penne Pasta In White Sauce Recipe immediately Healthy Fresh Vegetable Salad Bowl with Sour Yogurt Dressing Recipe or any salad of your choice.  The ingredients for the recipe Sambal Telor with Nasi Uduk Recipe (Indonesian Style Eggs Cooked in Sambal and Lemongrass Coconut Rice) are :  4 Whole Eggs - boiled,4 Onion - thinly sliced,8 to 10 Shallots,4 to 5 cloves Garlic,10 Byadagi Dried Chillies - deseeded and soaked in warm water,1/2 teaspoon Red Chilli powder,2 teaspoons Fish sauce - optional,2 teaspoon Palm sugar,2 tablespoons Sunflower Oil,Salt - to taste,2 cups Rice - washed and soaked for 20 minutes,1 cup Coconut milk,3 cups Water,2 Lemongrass - stalk,2 inch Ginger - thinly sliced,2 Bay leaf (tej patta),2 teaspoons Coriander (Dhania) Seeds,1/2 teaspoon Palm sugar.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Sambal Telor with Nasi Uduk Recipe (Indonesian Style Eggs Cooked in Sambal and Lemongrass Coconut Rice), boil the eggs in water for 10 minutes, peel and keep aside.We now prepare sambal by making a fine paste of the soaked bydagi red chillies, shallots, garlic cloves, red chilli powder and salt using a hand blender.Heat a tablespoon of oil in a pan, add the sambal paste and cook until the raw smell goes away and the oil separates. This will take 5 minutes.Add the palm sugar, fish sauce, season with salt, mix well and keep this sambal paste aside.In the same pan add a tablespoon of oil and add the thinly sliced onions and saute until it turns translucent.Now, reintroduce the sambal paste that we prepared back into the pan with fried onions and mix well. Saute for 2 minutes.Add the boiled eggs to this mix and simmer for 2 more minutes, and keep aside.Now to prepare the Lemongrass Coconut Rice, heat oil in a wide pan, add the bay leaves, bruised and knotted lemongrass stalks, sliced ginger, coriander seeds and saute until the ingredients release its flavours.Add the soaked rice, thick coconut milk and required water and bring it to a rolling boil.Season with salt and palm sugar, close it with a lid and simmer for 20 minutes.Once its done, switch off the flame and its ready to serve.To arrange the dish, place a portion of the lemongrass flavoured coconut rice in individual bowls or plates, a portion of egg sambal, fresh salad and fried shallots if you like.Serve the Sambal Telor with Nasi Uduk Recipe (Indonesian Style Eggs Cooked in Sambal and Lemongrass Coconut Rice) for your weekend brunch along with fresh tender coconut water and surprise your family members.  The ingredients for the recipe Fruit Pachadi Recipe are :  2 cups fruit - cut into small pieces (pineapple, 1 1/2 cups yogurt - whisk, 1/4 teaspoon turmeric powder, 2 teaspoons jaggery, salt - as per taste, water - as per use, 1/4 cup coconut - tighten Take, 2 green chillies - chopped, 1 teaspoon mustard, 1 teaspoon mustard, 2 dry red peppers - break, 1 teaspoon oil, 1 sprig curry leaves.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make fruit pachhadi, firstly grind coconut, green chilli and mustard after adding some water in the mixer grinder. Keep it aside. Now heat a pan. Add chopped fruits and 2 tablespoons of water to it. Allow the fruits to cook until they become soft. After softening add turmeric powder, salt and sugar / jaggery to it. Mix and add coconut paste. Cook for 2 minutes and then turn off the gas. Add yogurt to it and mix well. Now heat oil in a small pan. Add mustard seeds, dry red chillies and curry leaves. Let it cook for 1 minute and then give it the dal in the tempered fruit pachhadi. Mix and serve. Serve the fruit pachhadi with keerai sambar, rice and papad for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Phalguni Dal (Recipe) are :  1/4 cup lentils - wash, 1/4 cup green peas, 1 cup onion - finely chopped, 1 tomato - finely chopped, 1/2 inch ginger - grated, 2 cloves garlic - grated, 2 green chillies - Cut, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, salt - as per taste, 1 teaspoon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon aniseed, 1/2 teaspoon Kalonji seeds, 1 teaspoon garam masala powder, 2 teaspoons mustard oil, asafetida - a pinch.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make phalguni dal, first put dal in a pressure cooker. Add tomatoes, onions, ginger and garlic to it. After this, add 1-1 / 2 cups of water. Melt, close the cooker and cook till 3 cities come. After coming to 3 cities, turn off the gas and let the pressure drain automatically. Open the cooker and mash the lentils. Now heat mustard oil in a pan. Add mustard seeds, fenugreek seeds, fennel seeds, cumin seeds and kalonji. Add green chilies, mix and let it cook for the next 2 minutes. After 2 minutes add asafetida and green peas. Let it cook for next 2 minutes. After 2 minutes add masoor dal, garam masala and salt. Mix and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Garnish with green coriander. Serve phalguni dal with brinjal bhaja and rice for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Chicken Sandwich With Sweet Corn Recipe are :  1 Chicken breasts - pressure cooked till tender (3 whistles),3 tablespoon Sweet corn - boiled till tender,4 tablespoon Classic Mayonnaise (With Egg) - (garlic flavour tastes best),Salt - to taste,3 tablespoon Tomato Ketchup,Whole Black Peppercorns - freshly ground to taste,2 Hot Dog Bread,2 Iceberg lettuce - as needed,1 Tomato - sliced (4-5 slices),1 Onion - sliced to rings (about 5 slices).  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making Chicken Sandwich With Sweet Corn Recipe, thaw the sweet corn if using frozen corn, or boil them till soft. Also pressure cook chicken for about 3 whistles or till tender and get prep with other ingredients as well.Shred cooked chicken breast into small pieces.In a large mixing bowl, smear garlic mayonnaise, ketchup, black pepper and salt as per taste in the shredded chicken & sweet corn and mix till well combined.Halve the hot dog bread roll.Arrange the lettuce leaves, onion rings and tomatoes inside the roll add this mixture over the lettuce, onions & tomato and close the sandwich.Enjoy Chicken Sandwich With Sweet Corn Recipe as it is, or grilled further to taste. Serve with Oven Baked Sweet Potato Fries for lunch.  The ingredients for the recipe Guar Fali Masala Vegetable Recipe - Gawar Phali Masala Sabzi Recipe are :  300 grams Gwar pods - wash and cut into 1 inch pieces, 1 onion - cut, 1 tomato - chop, 4 cloves garlic - finely chopped, 1 inch ginger - finely chopped, 1 sprig curry leaves, 1/2 Teaspoon turmeric powder, 1 teaspoon red chili powder, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon mustard, 1/4 teaspoon asafoetida, 1 tablespoon coriander powder, 1/2 teaspoon cumin powder, 2 tablespoons peanuts - roast , Salt - as per taste, 1 teaspoon oil, coriander - chopped.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Gawar Pod Masala Sabzi Recipe, firstly put Gawar pods, salt and 2 tablespoons water in a pressure cooker. Cook until 1 city comes. After coming to the city, turn off the cooker. Place the cooker under cold water and drain the pressure. Keep it separately. Heat oil in a pan. Add the mustard seeds, cumin seeds, curry leaves and cook until the mustard seeds crackle. Now add onion, ginger, garlic and cook till the onion becomes soft. After the onion becomes soft, add asafetida, tomatoes and cook till the tomatoes become soft. After the tomatoes become soft, add coriander powder, cumin powder, red chili powder, turmeric powder, mix and cook for 2 minutes. Add gawar pods after 2 minutes and cook it for 2 minutes. Add 1/2 cup of water and let it boil. After the boiling comes, turn off the gas and take out in a bowl. Garnish with green coriander and serve. Serve Gawar pod Masala Sabzi along with Phulka, Tomato Onion Cucumber Raita and Papad for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Kachumber Salad Recipe are :  3 cucumber - peel and chop, 1 onion - finely chopped, 1 green chili - finely chopped, 2 tomatoes - chopped, 1 carrot - peeled and chopped, salt - as per taste, 1/4 cup pomegranate, black pepper powder - According to taste, 1 teaspoon cumin powder - roast, 1-1 / 2 teaspoon lemon juice, coriander leaves - little, mint - little.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the Kachumbar salad, mix cucumber, onion, green chillies, tomatoes, carrots and pomegranates in a mixing bowl. Mix well. After mixing, add lemon juice, black pepper powder, cumin powder, salt and mix well. Now add green coriander, mint and mix well. Serve Serve the Kachumbar Salad with punchy lentils, Aloo Bhindi Ki Sabzi and Phulka for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Dhingri Matar Recipe are :  400 grams Button mushroom, 1/4 cup green peas - steam, 1 cup soy chunks, 2 cups tomato puree, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1 teaspoon garam masala powder, 1/2 teaspoon red chilli powder, 4 Bud garlic, 1 inch ginger, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 5 cashews, oil - as per use, salt - as per taste, 4 sprig coriander - finely chopped.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Dhingri Peas, first make ginger garlic paste and keep it aside. Now add poppy seeds, cashew and a little water in a mixer. Make a paste and keep it separately. Now soak the soya chunks in hot water for 15 minutes and keep them aside. Now heat oil in a pan. Add ginger garlic paste to it and cook for 1 minute. Now add tomato puree, turmeric powder and let it cook for 2 minutes. Now add peas, soya chunks, mushrooms and let it cook till the mushroom becomes soft. After the mushrooms become soft, add garam masala, cashew poppy poppy paste, salt, red chili powder and mix. Let it cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Turn off the gas and garnish with green coriander. Serve Dhingari Peas along with Spinach Raita and Pudina Tawa Paratha for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Coconut Chia Pudding Recipe are :  1/4 cup Chia Seeds,1 1/2 cup Tender coconut water,2 tablespoon Coconut milk - thick,1 Orange - zest,1/4 cup Blueberries,1 tablespoon Pistachios - crushed,Honey - optional,Mint Leaves (Pudina) - a few.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making the Coconut Chia Pudding recipe, Mix chia seeds and coconut water in a bowl and set aside.After 15 minutes mix again to remove any lumps and now refrigerate this for 3 to 4 hours or overnight.Stir in the coconut milk just before you serve add the berries and the nut powder and zest 1 orange over the pudding and garnish with mint leaves.Enjoy Coconut Chia Pudding with a cup of tea or a glass of juice for a healthy breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe Sweet Peas Porridge Recipe | Confirmation site Borridge are :  1/4 cup White Urad Dal (Split) - soaked for 30 min,4 cups Water,1/2 cup Jaggery,3 Cardamom (Elaichi) Pods/Seeds - pounded,1/4 cup Fresh coconut - grated.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare Ulundhu Kanji Recipe | Urad Dal Porridge, wash and soak urad dal in water for about 30 minutes.After soaking time, drain the urad dal and add into blender along with cardamom. Add little water and grind into smooth paste.Boil water in a pan, add jaggery to the water and dissolve it. Strain to remove impurities.Keep it again in flame and boil the jaggery water in low flame. Add the urad dal paste to the boiling water and keep stirring.Cook for 4-5 minutes in medium flame by stirring continuously to avoid lumps.Once it becomes thick and smooth like porridge, remove from flame and add grated coconut to the kanji.Mix and serve Sweet Ulundhu Kanji Recipe | Urad Dal Porridge warm.  The ingredients for the recipe Lemon Sevai Recipe - Lemon Sevai Recipe are :  2 cups idli rice, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1 teaspoon mustard, 2 green chillies - finely chopped, 1 sprig curry leaves, asafetida - a pinch, 2 tablespoons sesame oil.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Lemon Sevai, first wash the rice and soak it in water for 2 hours. Drain water and pour in a mixer grinder. Add some water and grind it. Now apply light oil on idli molds and fill this mixture in it. Steam for 10 minutes. Now put these idlis in the macaroni machine and make macaroni. Keep in mind that only add hot idli. Keep it aside after making. Now heat oil in a pan. Add mustard seeds and let it cook for 10 seconds. Add turmeric powder, asafoetida, green chillies and curry leaves. Mix well. Now add vermicelli, lemon juice, salt and mix. Serve hot. Serve Lemon Sevai with filter coffee and butter bread toast for breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe Garlic Amla Chutney Recipe - Lehsun Amla Chutney Recipe are :  8 amla, 6 small onions, 10 bud garlic, 2 green chillies, 1/2 cup mint, 1/2 cup coriander, salt - as per taste, 1 tsp oil, 1 tsp oil, 1/2 tsp rye, 1/4 tsp urad dal, 1/4 tsp chana dal, 1 sprig curry leaves, 10 cashew nuts.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Garlic Amla Chutney Recipe, first wash the amla, cut and remove the seeds. Now wash the mint, green coriander and keep it aside. Now heat oil in a pan. Add small onion, garlic and cook the onion after it becomes soft. Now add amla, mint, green coriander and cook it for 2 minutes. Turn off the gas. Allow this mixture to cool. Pour this mixture in the mixer grinder with salt, a little water and make a paste. Keep it separately. For tempering, now heat oil in a tempering pan. Add the mustard seeds, chana dal, urad dal, curry leaves, cashews and cook until cashew is light brown. Add this tempering to the chutney and mix. Mix well and serve. Serve Garlic Amla Chutney Recipe with Ghee Roast Dosa and Filter Coffee for breakfast.  The ingredients for the recipe  Baby Potatoes In Tomato Gravy (Recipe In Hindi) are :  15 small potatoes, 2 tomatoes, 1 teaspoon cumin powder, 1-1 / 2 teaspoon red chilli powder, 1/2 teaspoon coriander powder, 1/4 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon Salt, 2 long, 2 cardamom, 1 inch lentil, 1 cup water.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Chhoti Aalur Dum, first put the potatoes in a pressure cooker with water and salt. Cook until 2 cities come. After coming to city 2, let the pressure drain. Remove the skin of the potatoes and keep them aside. Now take a blender, add tomatoes and grind it. Now heat oil in a pan. Add cardamom, long and cinnamon. Allow to cook for 10 seconds. After 10 seconds, add potatoes and mix well. After 1 minute add tomato puree and add all the spices. Mix, add 1 glass of water and mix. Cook till the potatoes are cooked and then add salt as per taste. Allow to cook for 1 minute and then serve hot. Serve Chhoti Aalur Dum with Bengali lentils and Bengali leek for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Gluten-Free Mango and Coconut Milk Ice-Cream Recipe are :  500 grams Mango (Ripe),200 grams Condensed Milk,200 ml Coconut milk,Mint Leaves (Pudina) - Few sprigs to garnish.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To prepare the Mango and Coconut Milk Ice Cream, first keep all the ingredients in the fridge to chill for few hours.Next add the chopped mangoes into a food processor and blend to the smooth puree. Transfer the mango puree into a mixing bowl.Next combine the pureed mango, condensed milk and coconut milk. Whisk using a hand blender at medium speed for few minutes or till light and creamy in texture.Now pour the ice-cream mixture into a freezer safe bowl, cover the bowl with the lid or cling foil and freeze until set. Once the ice cream is almost frozen approximately after 4 - 5 hours, bring it out of the freezer and blend in a food processor to break down the ice crystals. Pour again into the container and keep it back in the freezer.Doing the freeze and re-beating process, helps the ice cream to have a creamy texture. The more we beat, the more creamy it gets. Once you have freeze and beat process 3 times over, then your Mango and Coconut Milk Ice Cream will be ready to be served.Before serving garnish Mango and Coconut Milk Ice Cream with mint leaves and serve chilled as a dessert for parties. You can also optionally add freshly chopped mangoes and nut to add to the flavour, texture and crunch.  The ingredients for the recipe Safed Murgh Handi Recipe - Chicken In White Gravy are :  1 kg Chicken,2 Onions - chopped,8 Green Chillies - (adjust),12 Cashew nuts - powdered,1/2 cup Curd (Dahi / Yogurt),1-1/2 tablespoons Sunflower Oil,1-1/2 tablespoons Ghee,10 Curry leaves,10 Raisins,1 cup Coconut milk,2 tablespoons Kadhi masala,1 tablespoon Cumin powder (Jeera),1/4 teaspoon White pepper powder,Salt - to taste,1-1/2 tablespoon Ginger Garlic Paste,3 Cardamom (Elaichi) Pods/Seeds,1 Bay leaf (tej patta),1 inch Cinnamon Stick (Dalchini),1 teaspoon Cumin seeds (Jeera).  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making Safed Murgh Handi Recipe, prep all the ingredients and keep them ready.In a kadai, heat a little oil and add onions when the oil is hot. Saute till translucent and switch off.Take the onions out on a plate and allow the sauteed onions to cool a bit. Once the onions are cooled, with the help of a hand blender, blend it to a smooth paste.Heat ghee in the same kadai and once the ghee is hot, on a medium heat, add cumin seeds. Saute for a few seconds until they sizzle.Immediately add green cardamom, cinnamon stick, stir for a few more seconds till the cardamom puffs up and theres a nice aroma arising from the kadai.Add ginger garlic paste in saute on low heat for about half a minute to one minute, till the raw smell goes away.Now add onion paste and saute till the mixture comes together and appears blended well.At this point, add yogurt and coconut milk, keep the heat to medium and add all the masalas including kadhi masala and cook till the yogurt and coconut milk gets blended well and appears as one white gravy.Add chicken now, add in curry leaves and raisins and mix well.Close the kadai and cook well for about 10 minutes or till the chicken is tender. (You can add about 1/2 cup of water at this stage)Serve Safed Murgh Handi Recipe (Chicken In White Gravy) Awadhi Style Sheermal Recipe or Homemade Butter Naan Recipe or Methi Matar Pulao Recipe (Spicy Fenugreek Leaf & Green Pea Rice) for lunch or dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Bengali Style Shak Bhaja Recipe - Stir Fried Green Amaranth Leaves (Recipe in Hindi) are :  300 grams Amaranth Leaves, 1/2 teaspoon Khus Khus, 1/2 cup Peanuts - Roast, 2 Dry Red Chillies, 3 Buds Garlic - Finely chopped, 1 inch Ginger - Kass, 1 teaspoon Cumin Powder, Salt - As per taste, mustard oil - as per use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Bengali Style Shak Bhaja, first wash Amaranth leaves thoroughly. Cut the leaves and cook on a high flame for 2 minutes in a saucepan with water. Now heat the oil in a pan. Add peanuts and cook for a while. Take out after roasting. Add dry red chillies, khus khus, ginger and garlic to the remaining oil. After 20 seconds, add peanuts and cooked amaranth leaves. Add salt and mix well. Cook for 1 minute and serve hot. Serve Bengali style Shak Bhaja with phalguni dal, boondi raita and roti for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Baked Brie In Puff Pastry With Fruits Recipe are :  125 grams Brie cheese,1 Puff Pastry Sheet - (about 6*6 inches),1 Apple - peeled and chopped,6 Strawberries - hulled and chopped,2 tablespoon Honey,1 pinch Cinnamon Powder (Dalchini),1/2 Whole Egg - whisked,Fresh fruits - for serving,Crackers - for serving.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin making Baked Brie in puff pastry with fruits first pre-heat the oven to 190 deg C.Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.Place the rolled pastry on the baking sheet.Place the cheese wheel at the centre of the pastry.Mix the apple, strawberries, honey and cinnamon.Top the cheese with the fruits.Gather up the pastry from the edges and enclose the cheese and fruits completely. Press around so that it is neatly packed.Brush the egg over the top and sides of the pastry.Bake for about 20-25 minutes or till the pastry is golden.Serve Baked Brie In Puff Pastry With Fruits Recipe with more fruits and crackers.  The ingredients for the recipe Hyderabadi Vegetable Biryani Recipe - Hyderabadi Vegetable Biryani Recipe are :  1/2 cup green beans - chopped steam, 1/2 cup carrots - chopped steam, 1 cup cabbage - steamed chopped, 1 cup potatoes - boiled, 6 cloves garlic, 2 inch ginger, 1 onion - chopped Take 2 green chilies, 2 cups rice - wash, make 1 cup tomato-puree, 1 cup curd, 1 inch cinnamon, 4 cardamom, 2 bay leaves, 1 tsp turmeric powder, 1 tsp red chilli powder, 1 Small spoon coriander powder, salt - as per taste, oil - as per use, cut 3 sprigs of mint - 1/2 cup onion - finely chopped and cook till it turns brown..  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Hyderabadi Vegetable Biryani Recipe, first put the rice in a saucepan with salt and oil in 2 cups of water and cook till the rice is half cooked. Now add carrots, green beans, potatoes, cauliflower in a steamer and cook till it becomes soft. Keep this aside. Now add cardamom, cinnamon, long and grind it in a Hamdasta. Keep it aside. Now heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large saucepan. Add garlic paste onion ginger and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Now add turmeric powder, red chilli powder, coriander powder, ground cinnamon powder, bay leaves and cook for 1 minute. Now add tomato puree and cook it for 5 minutes. Now add curd and let it cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Now add mint leaves, potatoes, cooked vegetables, half cooked rice, mint leaves, salt to taste and mix it and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the flame, cover the saucepan and cook until it is well cooked. Turn off the gas and leave it covered for 5 minutes. Garnish with fried onions and serve. Serve the Hyderabadi Vegetable Biryani Recipe with Burani Raita and Mirchi Salon for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Bitter gourd poriel recipe - Pavakkai Poriyal Recipe are :  2 cups bitter gourd - boiled after removing seeds, 1/4 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1/4 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1/4 teaspoon asafoetida, 1/2 teaspoon red chilli powder, 1/2 teaspoon coriander Powder, 1/2 teaspoon cumin powder, 1 teaspoon Amchur powder, curry leaves - little, 1 tablespoon jaggery, 1/4 cup peanuts - roasted, oil - coriander - little, salt - as per taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make bitter gourd vegetable, firstly chop the bitter gourd. Then cook it in a pressure cooker with water and salt. When the bitter gourd is cooked, take it out and keep it aside. Now heat oil in a pan. Add mustard seeds, cumin seeds, curry leaves and roast it for 10 to 15 seconds. After that put asafetida, turmeric powder and bitter gourd in the pan. Cook it for 2 to 3 minutes. After 2 to 3 minutes add red chili powder, mango powder, coriander powder, cumin powder and jaggery. Mix it well and cook till the jaggery is melted. Cover the kadhi and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Add roasted peanuts and coriander over it and mix again. Check salt and spices and serve hot. Serve the curry vegetables with mint mung beans, kachumbar salad and phulka for dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe Paneer Kofta Curry Recipe - Paneer Kofta Curry Recipe are :  250 g Paneer - grated, 3 tablespoons all purpose flour (All Purpose Flour), salt - a pinch, coriander - a little, 1 tsp cumin powder, 1 ginger - grated, 1 tbsp honey, 2 cups tomato puree, 1 1 teaspoon coriander powder, 1/2 teaspoon garam masala powder, 1/4 teaspoon turmeric powder, 1/4 cup Hung yogurt - or cream, fenugreek seeds - little, salt - as per taste, oil - as per use.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make Paneer Kofta Curry Recipe, firstly we will make Paneer Kofta. Add grated cheese, maida, salt, coriander powder, cumin powder and mix well in a bowl. Now make small balls of this mixture. Now we'll fry them. You can either bake these paneer balls in the oven or fry the pan in a paniyaram pan. Method of preparation in oven: Take a baking sheet and grease it with oil. Place paneer balls on them and bake in a pre-heated oven at 200 C until golden brown. Remove and keep aside. Method of preparation in paniyaram pan: Heat the paniyaram pan. Add some oil to each cavity. After the oil is hot, add cheese balls to it and cook it till it becomes golden from both the sides. Turn with the help of a spoon. Keep it aside. Now to make Kofta Curry, heat oil in a pan. After the oil is hot, add honey and ginger to it and cook until the honey is boiling. After boiling the honey, add tomato puree, turmeric powder, cardamom powder, garam masala powder, salt, red chili powder and mix. Cook until tomatoes are soft. Now add cream or Hung curd, Kasuri methi and mix. After 1 minute, add Kofta Paneer balls to it, cover the pan and let it cook. Allow to cook for 3 to 4 minutes and turn off the gas. Serve Paneer Kofta Curry with Bundi Raita and Lacha Paratha for daily dinner.  The ingredients for the recipe  Coconut Peanut Chutney (Recipe In Hindi) are :  1 cup coconut - grated, 2 green chillies - chopped, 2 sprigs of green coriander - chopped, 4 curry leaves, 1/4 cup peanuts - roasted, salt - or rock salt (as per taste).  The instructions recipes follows as :  Prepare all the ingredients to make coconut peanut sauce. One by one, grind all the ingredients in the mixer grinder and grind them. Remove and serve in a bowl. Serve coconut peanut chutney with rava idli, carrot idli or dosa of your choice.  The ingredients for the recipe Bajra Khincha recipe are :  1 cup Bajra (seeds),1/4 cup Yellow Moong Dal (Split),5 cup Water,1/2 teaspoon Turmeric powder (Haldi),Salt - as per taste,1/2 Cup Mixed vegetables - (Green peas.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To begin with making Bajra Ka Kheech Recipe, add bajri and 1 tablespoon water in mixer.Grind it only for few seconds and then dry it out for 10 min.Once dried, remove the skin of bajri by rubbing it by hands. Now again grind it till bajri appears to be half broken.Sieve the broken bajri to remove bajri powder, if any. Now put this half broken bajri along with moong dal, water, turmeric powder, chopped vegetables and salt into pressure cooker and wait for 5-6 whistles.Just open the cooker lid & check if it became soft, if not, then give another 2-3 whistles.Once it becomes soft, its ready to serve. It need to be served hot only. For serving, put kheech in bowl/plate with some ghee over it.Serve Bajra Ka Kheech Recipe with Rajasthani Kadhi.  The ingredients for the recipe  Chammanthi Chutney Recipe are :  1 cup coconut - grated, 1 inch ginger - grated, 1 onion - finely chopped, 1 sprig curry leaves, 1/2 teaspoon asafoetida, 1 teaspoon mustard, 2 dry red chillies, 2 tablespoons oil, salt - According to taste.  The instructions recipes follows as :  To make the chmanthi chutney recipe, firstly add ginger, dry red chilli and coconut in a mixer jar. Grind it well. Add some water and make a paste. Chop the onion and keep it aside. Heat oil in a pan. Add mustard seeds and cook for 10 seconds. Now add onions and cook till they become golden and soft. After the onion becomes soft, add curry leaves, ginger chilli paste and mix it well. Add some water, salt and let it boil. After boiling, turn off the gas and serve. Serve the chamanthi chutney recipe with ghee roast dosa and mixed vegetable sambar for dinner.  